0	due to means caused by	gold
1	Earth's tilt on its rotating axis causes seasons to change; to occur	nongold
2	increase means more	nongold
3	rotate means turn	nongold
4	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
5	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	nongold
6	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
7	speed is a measure of how fast an object is moving	nongold
8	One evening as it is getting dark, Alex sits on the front porch and watches the sun slowly disappear behind the neighbor's house across the street. Which explains this observation?	question
9	the sun is not a star in the night sky	nongold
10	to turn means to change	nongold
11	rising is a kind of motion	nongold
12	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
13	a Rotation of the Earth on Earth's axis; itself takes 1; one day	nongold
14	high is similar to increase	nongold
15	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
16	the Earth rotates on its axis	nongold
17	One evening as it is getting dark, Alex sits on the front porch and watches the sun slowly disappear behind the neighbor's house across the street. Which explains this observation?	question
18	due to means caused by	gold
19	the afternoon is  a part of the day	nongold
20	Earth is a kind of planet	nongold
21	Earth's rotation causes time zones	nongold
22	low is similar to decrease	nongold
23	dark means a low amount of light	nongold
24	a motion is a kind of event; action	nongold
25	to rotate means to complete a rotation	nongold
26	afternoon is a part of day time	nongold
27	stars appear to move relative to the horizon during the night	nongold
28	the sun rises in the east	nongold
29	to disappear behind means to move behind	gold
30	rotation is a kind of motion	nongold
31	the night time is part of one day	nongold
32	The sun appears to move due to Earth's rotation.	answer
33	night is low in light; in visibility	nongold
34	The sun appears to move due to Earth's rotation.	answer
35	to disappear behind means to move behind	gold
36	to be in the sun means to be in the sunlight	nongold
37	One evening as it is getting dark, Alex sits on the front porch and watches the sun slowly disappear behind the neighbor's house across the street. Which explains this observation?	question
38	moving is similar to travelling	nongold
39	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
40	to disappear behind means to move behind	gold
41	moving away from the source increases the distance	nongold
42	The sun appears to move due to Earth's rotation.	answer
43	The sun appears to move due to Earth's rotation.	answer
44	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
45	movement is a kind of change	nongold
46	a home is a kind of building	nongold
47	rotation  is  the  circular movement of an object around a center; axis	nongold
48	Earth's angle of tilt causes the length of day and night to vary	nongold
49	One evening as it is getting dark, Alex sits on the front porch and watches the sun slowly disappear behind the neighbor's house across the street. Which explains this observation?	question
50	the Earth revolving around the Sun causes the seasons to change; to occur on its axis	nongold
51	a planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet	nongold
52	due to means caused by	gold
53	shift means move	nongold
54	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
