0	fuel is a kind of energy source	nongold
1	wind is used for producing electricity	nongold
2	land area means land mass	nongold
3	must have means require	nongold
4	burning fossil fuels increases the carbon in the atmosphere	nongold
5	a disadvantage is  a negative impact	gold
6	less means a reduced amount	nongold
7	if something is powered by something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
8	if something converts a resource into energy it doesn't use then that something is not using that resource efficiently	nongold
9	if something is a raw material in a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
10	area; space is a kind of resource	gold
11	Wind turbine farms require a lot of area compared to how much energy they produce.	answer
12	running requires a lot of energy	nongold
13	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
14	an environment means an area	nongold
15	wind turbine farms require a lot of area	gold
16	Wind turbines are being used to generate electricity in many parts of the United States. One advantage of wind turbines is that no fossil fuels are burned. Which of the following is a disadvantage of wind turbines?	question
17	converting is similar to producing	nongold
18	advantage has a positive impact on something	nongold
19	electricity means electrical energy	nongold
20	to be required means to be necessary	nongold
21	a disadvantage is  a negative impact	gold
22	wind turbine farms require a lot of area	gold
23	if something emits something else then that something increases the amount of that something else	nongold
24	generating power is a kind of positive impact	nongold
25	to power means to provide energy for	nongold
26	generate means produce	nongold
27	Wind turbine farms require a lot of area compared to how much energy they produce.	answer
28	if an industry requires a resource then that industry predominates in areas with an abundance of that resource	nongold
29	low is similar to decrease	nongold
30	area; space is a kind of resource	gold
31	a fossil fuel is a kind of natural resource	nongold
32	causing is similar to generating	nongold
33	increase means more	nongold
34	producing crops requires using farm land	nongold
35	natural gas is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
36	electrical energy is a kind of energy	nongold
37	wind is a source of energy	nongold
38	a required resource being low in availability has a negative impact on the something  that requires that resource	nongold
39	little is similar to decrease	nongold
40	requiring too much of a resource has a negative impact on the availiability of that resource	gold
41	to lower means to decrease	nongold
42	Wind turbines are being used to generate electricity in many parts of the United States. One advantage of wind turbines is that no fossil fuels are burned. Which of the following is a disadvantage of wind turbines?	question
43	requiring too much of a resource has a negative impact on the availiability of that resource	gold
44	a disadvantage is  a negative impact	gold
45	photosynthesis means producers; green plants convert from carbon dioxide and water and solar energy into carbohydrates and food and oxygen for themselves	nongold
46	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	nongold
47	Wind turbines are being used to generate electricity in many parts of the United States. One advantage of wind turbines is that no fossil fuels are burned. Which of the following is a disadvantage of wind turbines?	question
48	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
49	less is the opposite of more	nongold
50	wind turbine farms require a lot of area	gold
51	an energy source is a kind of resource	nongold
52	Wind turbines are being used to generate electricity in many parts of the United States. One advantage of wind turbines is that no fossil fuels are burned. Which of the following is a disadvantage of wind turbines?	question
53	requiring too much of a resource has a negative impact on the availiability of that resource	gold
54	area; space is a kind of resource	gold
55	fossil fuels are a nonrenewable resource	nongold
56	Wind turbine farms require a lot of area compared to how much energy they produce.	answer
57	Wind turbine farms require a lot of area compared to how much energy they produce.	answer
