0	wind causes erosion	nongold
1	erosion usually causes harm to the environment	nongold
2	anemometer	answer
3	an anemometer is a kind of instrument for measuring wind speed	gold
4	speed up means increase	nongold
5	high is similar to increase	nongold
6	Directions Read the information about wind erosion then answer the question. Wind can cause erosion that changes the surface of the Earth. Wind erosion can have negative effects on the environment by removing soil and polluting the air during dust storms. Walter wanted to find out if faster wind speeds increased the amount of wind erosion. Which instrument should he use to measure wind speed?	question
7	as the amount of a source of something decreases , the amount of that something will decrease	nongold
8	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
9	an instrument is a piece of equipment	nongold
10	weathering; erosion usually occurs over a period of many years	nongold
11	anemometer	answer
12	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	nongold
13	soil contains water; humus; weathered rocks; organic matter	nongold
14	rate is similar to speed	nongold
15	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
16	polluting means something poisonous is added to an environment	nongold
17	to cause means to have an effect	nongold
18	anemometer	answer
19	wind speed is a property of weather	gold
20	damage has a negative impact on a thing	nongold
21	erosion of soil has a  negative impact on the environment; soil quality	nongold
22	the atmosphere is a part of nature; the environment	nongold
23	an anemometer is a kind of instrument for measuring wind speed	gold
24	soil erosion is a kind of slow; natural process	nongold
25	an anemometer is a kind of instrument for measuring wind speed	gold
26	an anemometer is used to measure wind speed	gold
27	Directions Read the information about wind erosion then answer the question. Wind can cause erosion that changes the surface of the Earth. Wind erosion can have negative effects on the environment by removing soil and polluting the air during dust storms. Walter wanted to find out if faster wind speeds increased the amount of wind erosion. Which instrument should he use to measure wind speed?	question
28	loss is similar to removal	nongold
29	speed is a property of an object and includes values of slow; fast	nongold
30	wind speed is a property of weather	gold
31	Directions Read the information about wind erosion then answer the question. Wind can cause erosion that changes the surface of the Earth. Wind erosion can have negative effects on the environment by removing soil and polluting the air during dust storms. Walter wanted to find out if faster wind speeds increased the amount of wind erosion. Which instrument should he use to measure wind speed?	question
32	water causes the most soil and rock erosion	nongold
33	a storm is usually a source of strong winds	nongold
34	to lower means to decrease	nongold
35	Directions Read the information about wind erosion then answer the question. Wind can cause erosion that changes the surface of the Earth. Wind erosion can have negative effects on the environment by removing soil and polluting the air during dust storms. Walter wanted to find out if faster wind speeds increased the amount of wind erosion. Which instrument should he use to measure wind speed?	question
36	windy means high wind speeds	nongold
37	an anemometer is used to measure wind speed	gold
38	answering questions requires information	nongold
39	increase means more	nongold
40	an anemometer is used to measure wind speed	gold
41	change is a kind of impact	nongold
42	to add means to increase	nongold
43	as the cause of something decreases , that something will decrease	nongold
44	erosion sometimes decreases the amount of nutrients in soil	nongold
45	to change means to have an effect	nongold
46	dust is a kind of material	nongold
47	air is a part of the environment	nongold
48	anemometer	answer
49	polluting is a kind of activity	nongold
50	pollutants have a negative impact on the environment; air quality	nongold
51	soil erosion means soil loss through wind;water; animals	nongold
52	wind carries; transports sand; dirt from one place to another place	nongold
53	wind speed is a property of weather	gold
54	humans changing ecosystems;environments usually has a  negative impact on an ecosystem; organisms living in an ecosystem	nongold
