0	decomposing is similar to separating	nongold
1	a solution is a kind of mixture	nongold
2	alloy is a kind of mixture	nongold
3	It was a mixture.	answer
4	to disperse means to separate	nongold
5	boiling is a kind of phase change	nongold
6	new means different from the former one	nongold
7	freezing point is a property of a substance; material	nongold
8	a mixture is a kind of substance	gold
9	boiling;evaporation means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a gas by increasing heat energy	nongold
10	a liquid is a kind of substance	nongold
11	to produce means to result in	nongold
12	a mixture usually is made of objects with different physical properties	nongold
13	heating means adding heat	nongold
14	if two substances together form a mixture then those substances can be separated from one another by physical changes	gold
15	if two substances together form a mixture then those substances can be separated from one another by physical changes	gold
16	state of matter means physical state	nongold
17	evaporation is allowing a liquid  to evaporate to separate any solid that was mixed with it	nongold
18	evaporation can be used for separating a mixture of a liquid and a solid	nongold
19	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	nongold
20	It was a mixture.	answer
21	can be means able to be	gold
22	a mixture is a kind of substance	gold
23	if a material; a substance is a mixture of two or more materials or substances then that material; substance is made; is formed; contains those materials; substances	nongold
24	state of matter is a property of matter and includes ordered values of solid; liquid; gas	nongold
25	It was a mixture.	answer
26	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	gold
27	particles in objects are a kind of matter	nongold
28	mixture means solids combined together that maintain their physical properties	nongold
29	the air is a kind of mixture	nongold
30	if two substances together form a mixture then those substances can be separated from one another by physical changes	gold
31	material means substance	nongold
32	It was a mixture.	answer
33	a solid is a kind of substance	nongold
34	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	nongold
35	the freezing point of water; melting point of water is 32F; 0C; 273K	nongold
36	melting point can be used to identify a pure substance	nongold
37	During a lab investigation a scientist heats a solid substance. The scientist observes that the solid has two different melting points. The scientist is able to separate the two resulting liquids. Which statement best classifies the original solid substance?	question
38	to change means to become different	nongold
39	a mixture of solids can be easily separated	nongold
40	liquid is a kind of state of matter	nongold
41	opposite is a kind of different	nongold
42	can be means able to be	gold
43	the boiling point of water is 212F; 100C; 373K	nongold
44	can be means able to be	gold
45	During a lab investigation a scientist heats a solid substance. The scientist observes that the solid has two different melting points. The scientist is able to separate the two resulting liquids. Which statement best classifies the original solid substance?	question
46	to tell the difference between things means to classify those things	nongold
47	variable means able to change	nongold
48	boiling is when liquids are heated above their boiling point	nongold
49	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	gold
50	classifying is a kind of science process	nongold
51	During a lab investigation a scientist heats a solid substance. The scientist observes that the solid has two different melting points. The scientist is able to separate the two resulting liquids. Which statement best classifies the original solid substance?	question
52	a mixture is a kind of substance	gold
53	to decompose means to separate	nongold
54	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	gold
55	melting is a kind of process	nongold
56	During a lab investigation a scientist heats a solid substance. The scientist observes that the solid has two different melting points. The scientist is able to separate the two resulting liquids. Which statement best classifies the original solid substance?	question
57	both means two	nongold
