0	air.	answer
1	breathing in is when animals inhale air into their lungs	nongold
2	matter with variable volume and shape assumes; expands to fill; takes the shape and size of its entire container	gold
3	atmosphere means  air	nongold
4	shape is a kind of physical property	nongold
5	air.	answer
6	crumple means change shape from smooth; flat into compacted;irregular by mechanical force; kinetic energy	nongold
7	heat means heat energy	nongold
8	air is a kind of gas	gold
9	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
10	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
11	matter with variable volume and shape assumes; expands to fill; takes the shape and size of its entire container	gold
12	A teacher places an item in a box. The item takes the shape of the entire container. This item is most likely	question
13	if  something is placed in warm air then that something will become warm	nongold
14	A teacher places an item in a box. The item takes the shape of the entire container. This item is most likely	question
15	different containers usually are different in shape	nongold
16	A teacher places an item in a box. The item takes the shape of the entire container. This item is most likely	question
17	structure is similar to shape	nongold
18	gas is a kind of substance	nongold
19	airtight is when air cannot pass through something	nongold
20	air temperature is a kind of temperature	nongold
21	air.	answer
22	Matter in the gas phase has variable shape	gold
23	Matter in the gas phase has variable shape	gold
24	straight is a kind of shape	nongold
25	air mass means a volume of air	nongold
26	gas is a kind of material	nongold
27	vapor is synonymous with gas	nongold
28	gas is a kind of object	nongold
29	matter with variable shape changes shape in different container	nongold
30	temperature  is a property of air mass and includes ordered values of cold; warm	nongold
31	person is synonymous with human	nongold
32	humidity is the amount of water vapor; moisture in the air; in the atmosphere	nongold
33	gaseous means of gas	nongold
34	gas is a kind of state of matter	nongold
35	A teacher places an item in a box. The item takes the shape of the entire container. This item is most likely	question
36	round means circular in shape	nongold
37	a room is a kind of container	nongold
38	a person is a kind of animal	nongold
39	variable means able to change	nongold
40	can be means able to be	nongold
41	air is a kind of gas	gold
42	air.	answer
43	matter with variable volume and shape assumes; expands to fill; takes the shape and size of its entire container	gold
44	air is a kind of gas	gold
45	air cannot pass through plastic	nongold
46	condensation is when matter; a substance changes from a gas into a liquid by decreasing heat energy	nongold
47	to a  human a air; environment temperature of 10 C to 21 C is considered cool	nongold
48	air is a part of the environment	nongold
49	temperature; heat energy is a property of objects; weather and includes ordered values of cold; cool; warm; hot	nongold
50	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
51	Matter in the gas phase has variable shape	gold
52	breaking down into pieces is a kind of change in shape	nongold
53	circular means having the shape of a circle	nongold
54	air is a kind of nonliving thing	nongold
