0	shape is a property of an object	gold
1	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
2	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	nongold
3	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
4	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
5	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
6	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
7	to group means to separate	nongold
8	grouping means putting; placing in different groups	gold
9	a leaf performs photosynthesis; gas exchange	nongold
10	when a plant grows , the size of; number of the leaves of that plant may increase	nongold
11	a leaf is a kind of object	gold
12	classifying	answer
13	structure is a property of an object; a material; a substance	nongold
14	classifying	answer
15	shape is a property of an object	gold
16	a student is a kind of human	nongold
17	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
18	form means kind	nongold
19	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
20	studying is similar to investigating	nongold
21	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	nongold
22	variability of shape; variability of volume is a property of matter and includes values of variable; definite	nongold
23	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
24	species means a group of like organisms	nongold
25	classifying	answer
26	leaves changing color is a kind of process	nongold
27	to change means to become different	nongold
28	classify is similar to characterize	nongold
29	an organism is a living thing	nongold
30	to belong to a group means to be a kind of something	nongold
31	human is similar to individual	nongold
32	trees of different species have differently shaped leaves	nongold
33	to tell the difference between things means to classify those things	nongold
34	a tree is a kind of plant	nongold
35	a leaf is a part of a  green plant	nongold
36	classifying	answer
37	color is a kind of physical; visual property	nongold
38	a plant is a member of a plant species	nongold
39	studying  something usually requires seeing that something	nongold
40	classifying is a kind of science process	gold
41	variety means different kinds; different types	nongold
42	classifying is a kind of science process	gold
43	a leaf is a kind of object	gold
44	classifying is a kind of science process	gold
45	classification is a kind of process	nongold
46	each is similar to individual	nongold
47	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
48	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
49	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
50	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
51	affected means changed	nongold
52	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
53	grouping means putting; placing in different groups	gold
54	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
55	grouping means putting; placing in different groups	gold
56	a leaf is a kind of object	gold
57	shape is a property of an object	gold
58	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
