0	sunlight is made of all colors in the rainbow	gold
1	a rainbow is formed by refraction of light by separating light; splitting light into all different colors	gold
2	a component means a part of	nongold
3	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
4	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
5	to transform means to convert	nongold
6	Sunlight can be separated into all the colors of the rainbow.	answer
7	solar energy is a kind of energy	nongold
8	heat means heat energy	nongold
9	a rainbow is formed by refraction of light by separating light; splitting light into all different colors	gold
10	the sun is the source of solar energy called sunlight	nongold
11	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
12	Sunlight can be separated into all the colors of the rainbow.	answer
13	a whole is formed by its parts	nongold
14	to convert means to change	nongold
15	Denise was driving east over a hill in the afternoon, shortly after a rain shower. Suddenly the sun broke through the clouds, and she saw a rainbow ahead of her. Which of the following made the rainbow possible?	question
16	clouds are usually found in the sky	nongold
17	sunlight is a kind of light	gold
18	bright means bright; light in color	nongold
19	composition is a property of an object; matter	nongold
20	Denise was driving east over a hill in the afternoon, shortly after a rain shower. Suddenly the sun broke through the clouds, and she saw a rainbow ahead of her. Which of the following made the rainbow possible?	question
21	the rainbow is made of all different colors in visible light	gold
22	Sunlight can be separated into all the colors of the rainbow.	answer
23	rain is a kind of precipitation	nongold
24	Denise was driving east over a hill in the afternoon, shortly after a rain shower. Suddenly the sun broke through the clouds, and she saw a rainbow ahead of her. Which of the following made the rainbow possible?	question
25	to be in the sun means to be in the sunlight	nongold
26	sunlight is a kind of light	gold
27	sunlight is made of all colors in the rainbow	gold
28	to add means to increase	nongold
29	composed of means made of	nongold
30	sunshine means sunlight	nongold
31	the rainbow is made of all different colors in visible light	gold
32	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
33	to disperse means to separate	nongold
34	to split means to divide	nongold
35	sunlight is made of all colors in the rainbow	gold
36	apart is the opposite of together	nongold
37	the rainbow is made of all different colors in visible light	gold
38	sunlight and rain can cause a rainbow	gold
39	break down means change from a whole into pieces	nongold
40	if something is made of something else then that something can be broken down into that something else	nongold
41	solar energy is a kind of heat energy	nongold
42	sunlight and rain can cause a rainbow	gold
43	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
44	break apart means break down	nongold
45	sunlight is a kind of light	gold
46	if something is insoluble in something , then they will remain separated	nongold
47	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
48	creating means making	nongold
49	color is a kind of physical; visual property	nongold
50	raining is when rain falls from clouds to the Earth;ground as a liquid	nongold
51	to make possible means to be required	nongold
52	the sky is blue in color	nongold
53	Denise was driving east over a hill in the afternoon, shortly after a rain shower. Suddenly the sun broke through the clouds, and she saw a rainbow ahead of her. Which of the following made the rainbow possible?	question
54	afternoon is a part of day time	nongold
55	take apart means break down	nongold
56	stars can be classified by temperature; color; chemical composition; brightness	nongold
57	sunlight means solar energy	nongold
58	Sunlight can be separated into all the colors of the rainbow.	answer
59	a rainbow is formed by refraction of light by separating light; splitting light into all different colors	gold
60	if something is made of something else , then that something else will be the component of that something	nongold
61	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
62	sunlight and rain can cause a rainbow	gold
