0	recent means close to present time	nongold
1	if studying something is used to learn about something then that something is a source of information	nongold
2	best means most positive	nongold
3	a process is a kind of event	nongold
4	studying is similar to investigating	nongold
5	developing means making	nongold
6	high is similar to increase	nongold
7	The technology used to study genes is still being developed.	answer
8	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
9	Researchers recently discovered a gene in humans that previously was unknown to science. Which statement best explains why the gene probably was not discovered much sooner?	question
10	scientific discoveries sometimes require specific technologies	gold
11	genetic information can be used for making proteins	nongold
12	Researchers recently discovered a gene in humans that previously was unknown to science. Which statement best explains why the gene probably was not discovered much sooner?	question
13	to identify means to discover	nongold
14	scientific discoveries sometimes require specific technologies	gold
15	inherited characteristics are a kind of hereditary information	nongold
16	human is a kind of organism	nongold
17	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
18	to be found in means to be contained in	nongold
19	research is used for learning	nongold
20	a gene is a kind of unit of hereditary information	nongold
21	a chromosomes of a human contains thousands of genes	nongold
22	The technology used to study genes is still being developed.	answer
23	if a technology that is used to study something is still being developed then that something can not be discovered; studied	gold
24	if a technology that is used to study something is still being developed then that something can not be discovered; studied	gold
25	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
26	life means living things	nongold
27	genes is a vehicle for passing inherited characteristics from parent to offspring	nongold
28	genes can be used for classifying  organisms	nongold
29	an allele is a kind of gene	nongold
30	The technology used to study genes is still being developed.	answer
31	to study means to examine	nongold
32	a  chromosome contains genes	nongold
33	Researchers recently discovered a gene in humans that previously was unknown to science. Which statement best explains why the gene probably was not discovered much sooner?	question
34	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
35	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
36	hypothesis means scientific guess about the cause and effect of an event	nongold
37	found in means existing in	nongold
38	Researchers recently discovered a gene in humans that previously was unknown to science. Which statement best explains why the gene probably was not discovered much sooner?	question
39	The technology used to study genes is still being developed.	answer
40	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
41	a human cell is a kind of cell	nongold
42	if a technology that is used to study something is still being developed then that something can not be discovered; studied	gold
43	increase means more	nongold
44	can be means able to be	nongold
45	scientific discoveries sometimes require specific technologies	gold
46	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
47	if something is a part of something then that something can be found in that something	nongold
48	studying  something usually requires seeing that something	nongold
49	a human is a kind of mammal	nongold
50	an allele can be a recessive gene	nongold
