0	if too much heat is transferred to an object then that object may burn	nongold
1	something is used for that something's purpose	gold
2	a window is a part of a house	nongold
3	something is used for that something's purpose	gold
4	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
5	to help; to benefit means to be of use	nongold
6	if a thermal conductor; an object is exposed to a source of heat then that conductor; that object may become hot; warm	nongold
7	to serve as means to be used as	nongold
8	causing is a kind of function	nongold
9	less is similar to decrease	nongold
10	foam; bubble is made of pockets of gas trapped in a liquid or solid	nongold
11	Foam weather stripping is often placed in the frames of doors and windows in a home. What is the purpose of this weather stripping?	question
12	heat means temperature increases	nongold
13	requiring is similar to needing help	nongold
14	convection causes uneven heating	nongold
15	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
16	Foam weather stripping is often placed in the frames of doors and windows in a home. What is the purpose of this weather stripping?	question
17	a door is a kind of object	nongold
18	heating means adding heat	nongold
19	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
20	if something with the same function as something else is being used then the use of that something else decreases	nongold
21	being  on something; placed in something; placed over something means touching  that something	nongold
22	material means substance	nongold
23	remove means decrease	nongold
24	convection is when a liquid is heated by hotter material rising to the top of the liquid	nongold
25	The weather stripping reduces heat loss due to convection.	answer
26	purpose means role	nongold
27	if something performs a task then that task is that something's function	nongold
28	The weather stripping reduces heat loss due to convection.	answer
29	Foam weather stripping is often placed in the frames of doors and windows in a home. What is the purpose of this weather stripping?	question
30	thermal conduction is when materials conduct heat through those materials through collision of particles	nongold
31	if something is places over a heat source then that something is exposed to that heat source	nongold
32	Foam weather stripping is often placed in the frames of doors and windows in a home. What is the purpose of this weather stripping?	question
33	if there is a loss of something then that something decreases	nongold
34	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
35	weather stripping is used for reducing heat loss by convection	gold
36	thermal conduction is when heat flows from warmer object to cooler object	nongold
37	if heat is added to a substance then that substance absorbs that heat	nongold
38	convection is when the heated part of gas rises	nongold
39	a home is a kind of building	nongold
40	absorbing energy causes objects; materials; substances to heat	nongold
41	a thermal conductor is made of materials that conduct thermal energy	nongold
42	weather stripping is used for reducing heat loss by convection	gold
43	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
44	low is similar to decrease	nongold
45	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
46	something is used for that something's purpose	gold
47	The weather stripping reduces heat loss due to convection.	answer
48	a hot; warm something is a source of heat	nongold
49	The weather stripping reduces heat loss due to convection.	answer
50	function is similar to purpose	nongold
51	weather stripping is used for reducing heat loss by convection	gold
52	a house is a kind of home	nongold
