0	parents are a part of a generation	nongold
1	sexual reproduction increases genetic diversity	nongold
2	meiosis produces four haploid sex cells from a diploid parent cell	nongold
3	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
4	both means two	gold
5	Genetic material is contributed by two parent cells.	answer
6	a plant cell is a kind of cell	nongold
7	sexual reproduction produces offspring with genetic material from both parents; cells with genetic material from both parent cells	gold
8	animals reproduce sexually	nongold
9	to cause something means to contribute to that something happening	nongold
10	each sex cell provides half the number of chromosomes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	nongold
11	a property of something is a feature of that something	nongold
12	something's function can be used to describe; identify that something	nongold
13	reproduction produces; produce offspring	nongold
14	to contribute is similar to produce	gold
15	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
16	to contribute means to add	nongold
17	green marine algae are a kind of producer	nongold
18	a baby is the offspring of a parent	nongold
19	the reproductive system produces sperm; egg cells	nongold
20	all living things have life cycles	nongold
21	the parent cell is the original cell	nongold
22	Spirogyra are green algae that can reproduce sexually. Which of the following features identifies reproduction in Spirogyra as sexual reproduction?	question
23	organisms mean life	nongold
24	one parent is the source of 50% of the genes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	nongold
25	Spirogyra are green algae that can reproduce sexually. Which of the following features identifies reproduction in Spirogyra as sexual reproduction?	question
26	reproduction increases the number; population of a living thing	nongold
27	in sexual reproduction the egg is a vehicle for the genes from the mother to the offspring	nongold
28	genes contains genetic information	nongold
29	the properties of something can be used to identify; used to describe that something	nongold
30	Genetic material is contributed by two parent cells.	answer
31	Genetic material is contributed by two parent cells.	answer
32	algae is a kind of plant	nongold
33	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
34	both means two	gold
35	both means two	gold
36	an algae is a kind of organism	nongold
37	to contribute is similar to produce	gold
38	Genetic material is contributed by two parent cells.	answer
39	sexual reproduction produces offspring with genetic material from both parents; cells with genetic material from both parent cells	gold
40	the nucleus contains genetic material for reproduction	nongold
41	sexual reproduction produces offspring with genetic material from both parents; cells with genetic material from both parent cells	gold
42	parents produce offspring	nongold
43	trait means property	nongold
44	in sexual reproduction sperm is a vehicle for the genes from the father to the offspring	nongold
45	to contribute is similar to produce	gold
46	to reproduce means to have; to produce offspring	nongold
47	a structure is a kind of feature	nongold
48	a cell is a kind of object	nongold
49	an animal is a member of an animal species	nongold
50	Spirogyra are green algae that can reproduce sexually. Which of the following features identifies reproduction in Spirogyra as sexual reproduction?	question
51	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
52	Spirogyra are green algae that can reproduce sexually. Which of the following features identifies reproduction in Spirogyra as sexual reproduction?	question
53	a plant is made of plant cells	nongold
54	a cell is very small	nongold
