0	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
1	an object is made of its parts	nongold
2	A student places a sheet of black construction paper on her desk. What happens to most of the light that strikes the black construction paper?	question
3	black is dark in color	nongold
4	if an object is black then that object absorbs all visible light; heat	gold
5	a desk usually has a length with values between 50.0 and 250 cm	nongold
6	using a raw material sometimes requires absorbing that raw material	nongold
7	The light is absorbed by the paper.	answer
8	bright means a lot of light	nongold
9	A student places a sheet of black construction paper on her desk. What happens to most of the light that strikes the black construction paper?	question
10	a sheet of is similar to a piece of	nongold
11	to add means to increase	nongold
12	a paper is a kind of object	gold
13	A student places a sheet of black construction paper on her desk. What happens to most of the light that strikes the black construction paper?	question
14	absorbance is when a wave absorbs at; stops at a surface	nongold
15	UV light is a kind of light	nongold
16	most means over 50% of something	nongold
17	color is a kind of physical; visual property	nongold
18	a paper is a kind of object	gold
19	metal is a kind of material	nongold
20	mostly means being the most	nongold
21	heat is a kind of energy	nongold
22	radiation is when heat is transferred through waves; particles	nongold
23	light is a kind of wave	nongold
24	bright means bright; light in color	nongold
25	hitting something causes harm to that something	nongold
26	absorption is a kind of event	nongold
27	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	gold
28	absorbing something harmful has a negative impact on a thing	nongold
29	a white object reflects all visible light	nongold
30	The light is absorbed by the paper.	answer
31	shiny things; objects reflect light	nongold
32	The light is absorbed by the paper.	answer
33	light means light energy	nongold
34	The light is absorbed by the paper.	answer
35	A student places a sheet of black construction paper on her desk. What happens to most of the light that strikes the black construction paper?	question
36	white objects absorbs the least sunlight	nongold
37	fire causes burning	nongold
38	construction means building	nongold
39	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	gold
40	paper burns	nongold
41	if an object is black then that object absorbs all visible light; heat	gold
42	to shine means to emit light	nongold
43	if an object is black then that object absorbs all visible light; heat	gold
44	heat means heat energy	nongold
45	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
46	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	nongold
47	to hit means to strike	nongold
48	black is a kind of color	nongold
49	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	gold
50	a paper is a kind of object	gold
51	greatest means largest; highest; most amount of something	nongold
52	paper is a kind of material	nongold
53	color is a property of  an object; a material	nongold
54	light is a kind of energy	nongold
