0	as distance to an ocean decreases , the temperature will decrease	nongold
1	adding heat means increasing temperature	nongold
2	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
3	the equator receives the most direct sunlight throughout the year	gold
4	a planet is a kind of location	nongold
5	sunlight can be found in the top 100 meters of the ocean	nongold
6	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
7	when a hemisphere is tilted away from the sun , that hemisphere receives less direct sunlight	nongold
8	as the distance of a location from the North Pole becomes smaller; closer , the amount of daylight received by that location will decrease during the winter	nongold
9	receiving sunlight  is synonymous with absorbing sunlight	nongold
10	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	nongold
11	near; close is the opposite of far; away	nongold
12	when a hemisphere is tilted towards the sun , that hemisphere receives more direct sunlight	nongold
13	ocean currents moves away most heat from Earth's equator	nongold
14	as the sunlight absorbed by the object increases ,  the temperature of the object  will increase more	nongold
15	The ocean water near the equator absorbs more heat throughout the year than ocean water near the North Pole. Which of the following best explains this difference?	question
16	The equator receives more direct sunlight.	answer
17	to receive sunlight means to absorb sunlight	gold
18	heat means temperature increases	nongold
19	to receive sunlight means to absorb sunlight	gold
20	The equator receives more direct sunlight.	answer
21	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
22	the ocean   stores more heat than the continent	nongold
23	a hemisphere is a part of Earth	nongold
24	The ocean water near the equator absorbs more heat throughout the year than ocean water near the North Pole. Which of the following best explains this difference?	question
25	The equator receives more direct sunlight.	answer
26	the North Pole is a kind of location	nongold
27	to be in the sun means to be in the sunlight	nongold
28	The ocean water near the equator absorbs more heat throughout the year than ocean water near the North Pole. Which of the following best explains this difference?	question
29	to receive sunlight means to absorb sunlight	gold
30	sunlight produces heat	gold
31	absorbing energy causes objects; materials; substances to heat	nongold
32	unequal heating of Earth's surface by the Sun causes global wind patterns	nongold
33	greater means higher; more in value	nongold
34	as distance from the equator decreases , the climate will become warmer	nongold
35	throughout means over	nongold
36	sunlight means solar energy	nongold
37	amount of sunlight causes changing weather patterns	nongold
38	water absorbs solar energy in the water cycle	nongold
39	to add means to increase	nongold
40	sunshine means sunlight	nongold
41	sunlight is intense in space	nongold
42	sunlight produces heat	gold
43	evaporation causes amount of water to decrease	nongold
44	solar power means solar energy	nongold
45	near means local	nongold
46	sunlight produces heat	gold
47	the equator receives the most direct sunlight throughout the year	gold
48	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	nongold
49	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	nongold
50	The equator receives more direct sunlight.	answer
51	the equator receives the most direct sunlight throughout the year	gold
52	water absorbs light energy	nongold
53	the air around equator is warm	nongold
54	The ocean water near the equator absorbs more heat throughout the year than ocean water near the North Pole. Which of the following best explains this difference?	question
