0	A flowing stream contains water at 18°C. Cans of soft drinks at 28°C are lowered into the stream. Which of the following will most likely occur?	question
1	as heat is transferred from something to something else , the temperature of that something will decrease	nongold
2	an object moving from a cool place to a warm place causes the object's temperature to increase	nongold
3	a container contains objects; material; substances	nongold
4	to lower means to decrease	nongold
5	a can is a kind of object	gold
6	temperature drop means temperature decrease	nongold
7	The cans will cool until their temperature is the same as the stream's.	answer
8	if heat is absorbed from a source then that heat source will cool	nongold
9	if an object is placed in a substance; in a location that is colder then that object will cool to the same temperature of that substance; of that location	gold
10	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
11	warmer means greater; higher in temperature; warmth	nongold
12	if something is made of something; a material then that something contains that something; that material	nongold
13	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	nongold
14	A flowing stream contains water at 18°C. Cans of soft drinks at 28°C are lowered into the stream. Which of the following will most likely occur?	question
15	when a cooler object touches a warmer object , thermal conduction occurs	nongold
16	cooler means colder	nongold
17	freezing means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a solid by decreasing heat energy	nongold
18	warm is the opposite of cool	nongold
19	if an object is placed in a substance; in a location that is colder then that object will cool to the same temperature of that substance; of that location	gold
20	if an object is touching a warmer object , then the  cooler  object will increase in temperature until two objects reach the same temperature	nongold
21	A flowing stream contains water at 18°C. Cans of soft drinks at 28°C are lowered into the stream. Which of the following will most likely occur?	question
22	lowering is a kind of motion	nongold
23	to be lowered into a substance means to be placed into that substance	gold
24	if a container contains something then that container touches that something	nongold
25	moisture means liquid; liquid water	nongold
26	a waterfall contains water	nongold
27	heat means the transfer of thermal energy	nongold
28	same means identical; equal in value; amount; number; quantity	nongold
29	moving an object from a cool place to a  warm place causes the object's temperature to increase	nongold
30	a phase change is a kind of physical change	nongold
31	if an object; a substance; a location absorbs solar energy then that object; that substance will increase in temperature	nongold
32	if a hot object; substance is exposed to; touches a cold object; substance then that object; that substance will likely cool	nongold
33	if heat is transferred to the air , then the temperature of the air will increase	nongold
34	a beverage is a kind of food	nongold
35	water is a kind of substance	gold
36	to be lowered into a substance means to be placed into that substance	gold
37	if something is dropped into a container of something else then that something is touching that something else	nongold
38	water is a kind of substance	gold
39	a beverage is a kind of liquid	nongold
40	a phase change is when matter; a substance changes from one state of matter into another state of matter	nongold
41	heat means heat energy	nongold
42	A flowing stream contains water at 18°C. Cans of soft drinks at 28°C are lowered into the stream. Which of the following will most likely occur?	question
43	a stream is a kind of body of water	gold
44	boiling is when liquids are heated above their boiling point	nongold
45	if heat is added to a substance then that substance absorbs that heat	nongold
46	cooling;colder means removing;reducing;decreasing heat;temperature	nongold
47	to be lowered into a substance means to be placed into that substance	gold
48	if an object is placed in a substance; in a location that is colder then that object will cool to the same temperature of that substance; of that location	gold
49	as the specific heat of a material decreases , the temperature of the material will increase given the same amount of energy	nongold
50	heating means adding heat	nongold
51	a stream is a kind of body of water	gold
52	to raise means to add	nongold
53	a can is a kind of object	gold
54	The cans will cool until their temperature is the same as the stream's.	answer
55	water is a kind of substance	gold
56	The cans will cool until their temperature is the same as the stream's.	answer
57	The cans will cool until their temperature is the same as the stream's.	answer
58	a can is a kind of object	gold
59	a stream is a kind of body of water	gold
60	to a  human a air; environment temperature of 10 C to 21 C is considered cool	nongold
