0	heat means heat energy	gold
1	if something releases something else then that something is the source of that something else	nongold
2	liquid is a kind of state of matter	nongold
3	thermal energy is a source of initial energy gain in the water of a geyser	gold
4	The water contained in a geyser system gains energy from the underground material surrounding it. The water molecules gain kinetic energy and this results in an increase in the pressure of the water. Eventually the geyser erupts and expels water into the air above ground. Which of the following types of energy is the source for the initial energy gain of the water?	question
5	temperature; heat energy is a property of objects; weather and includes ordered values of cold; cool; warm; hot	nongold
6	heat means heat energy	gold
7	thermal	answer
8	thermal	answer
9	substances are made of matter	nongold
10	buildup means increase	nongold
11	low is similar to decrease	nongold
12	high is similar to increase	nongold
13	moving changes potential energy; stored energy into kinetic energy and heat energy	nongold
14	an object; material; substance comes from that object or material's source	nongold
15	energy transformation means one kind of energy changes into another kind of energy	nongold
16	water is in the gas state , called water vapor; steam , for temperatures between 373; 212; 100 and 100000000000 K; F; C	nongold
17	water is a kind of substance	nongold
18	where something  comes from is a source of that something	nongold
19	An example of an object with kinetic energy is an object in motion	nongold
20	heat is a kind of energy	gold
21	motion is a source of kinetic energy in an object	nongold
22	heat means the transfer of thermal energy	nongold
23	the air is a kind of substance	nongold
24	a molecule is exceptionally small in size	nongold
25	heat is a kind of energy	gold
26	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	gold
27	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	nongold
28	thermal	answer
29	ground water is a kind of water	nongold
30	to emit means to release	nongold
31	a type is synonymous with a kind	gold
32	evaporation is when water is drawn back up into the air in the water cycle	nongold
33	thermal energy is a kind of energy	nongold
34	thermal	answer
35	to be a source of something means to cause that something	nongold
36	a type is synonymous with a kind	gold
37	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	gold
38	as temperature increases , the speed of molecules will increase	nongold
39	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
40	particles in a gas have more kinetic energy than particles in a liquid	nongold
41	gas is a kind of substance	nongold
42	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
43	The water contained in a geyser system gains energy from the underground material surrounding it. The water molecules gain kinetic energy and this results in an increase in the pressure of the water. Eventually the geyser erupts and expels water into the air above ground. Which of the following types of energy is the source for the initial energy gain of the water?	question
44	The water contained in a geyser system gains energy from the underground material surrounding it. The water molecules gain kinetic energy and this results in an increase in the pressure of the water. Eventually the geyser erupts and expels water into the air above ground. Which of the following types of energy is the source for the initial energy gain of the water?	question
45	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
46	temperature is a measure of kinetic energy of molecules	nongold
47	a type is synonymous with a kind	gold
48	to produce means to result in	nongold
49	gas is a kind of material	nongold
50	heat means heat energy	gold
51	substances are made of molecules	nongold
52	extreme means very high in value	nongold
53	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	gold
54	thermal energy is a source of initial energy gain in the water of a geyser	gold
55	a container contains objects; material; substances	nongold
56	matter is made of molecules	nongold
57	heat is a kind of energy	gold
58	thermal energy is a source of initial energy gain in the water of a geyser	gold
59	to add means to increase	nongold
60	The water contained in a geyser system gains energy from the underground material surrounding it. The water molecules gain kinetic energy and this results in an increase in the pressure of the water. Eventually the geyser erupts and expels water into the air above ground. Which of the following types of energy is the source for the initial energy gain of the water?	question
