0	a source of heat can be used to heat something	gold
1	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	nongold
2	petroleum is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
3	heat means heat energy	nongold
4	water is a kind of natural resource	nongold
5	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
6	natural gas is a source of heat by burning	gold
7	natural gas is used for generating electricity by burning in a power plant	nongold
8	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	nongold
9	food is a source of energy for animals; plants	nongold
10	natural gas	answer
11	animals are a renewable resource	nongold
12	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	gold
13	natural gas	answer
14	a source of heat can be used to heat something	gold
15	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Which nonrenewable natural resource heats homes?	question
16	electricity means electrical energy	nongold
17	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	nongold
18	research is used for learning	nongold
19	if something is places over a heat source then that something is exposed to that heat source	nongold
20	using coal requires burning coal	nongold
21	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
22	fossil fuels are a kind of energy resource	nongold
23	a house is a kind of building	nongold
24	studying is similar to investigating	nongold
25	soil is a renewable resource for growing plants	nongold
26	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
27	natural gas is a source of heat by burning	gold
28	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Which nonrenewable natural resource heats homes?	question
29	natural gas	answer
30	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
31	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Which nonrenewable natural resource heats homes?	question
32	carbon dioxide is a kind of gas	nongold
33	coal is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
34	natural gas is a source of heat by burning	gold
35	natural gas	answer
36	oil is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
37	oil is used for producing electricity	nongold
38	investigating is a kind of process	nongold
39	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	gold
40	an organism is a living thing	nongold
41	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
42	if something is powered by something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
43	oil is a kind of energy resource	nongold
44	investigating a stage of something means investigating that something	nongold
45	boiling;evaporation means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a gas by increasing heat energy	nongold
46	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	gold
47	a source of heat can be used to heat something	gold
48	a source of heat can be used to heat something	nongold
49	soil contains nutrients for plants	nongold
50	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Which nonrenewable natural resource heats homes?	question
51	gas is a kind of substance	nongold
52	a student is a kind of human	nongold
53	investigation sometimes requires experimentation	nongold
54	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	nongold
