0	The sugar and the salt were unchanged.	answer
1	carbohydrates are made of sugars	nongold
2	same means identical; equal in value; amount; number; quantity	nongold
3	if something is made of something; a material then that something contains that something; that material	nongold
4	table salt is a kind of salt	nongold
5	The sugar and the salt were unchanged.	answer
6	sugar is a kind of pure substance	gold
7	a mixture is a kind of substance	nongold
8	state of matter at room temperature is a kind of physical property	nongold
9	salt is a kind of pure substance	gold
10	to add means to increase	nongold
11	temperature; heat energy is a property of objects; weather and includes ordered values of cold; cool; warm; hot	nongold
12	state of matter is a property of matter and includes ordered values of solid; liquid; gas	nongold
13	A student mixed salt and sugar. Which statement describes the physical properties of salt and sugar after they were mixed?	question
14	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
15	sugar is a kind of pure substance	gold
16	a chemical property is the opposite of a physical property	nongold
17	opposite is a kind of different	nongold
18	water is a kind of substance	nongold
19	The sugar and the salt were unchanged.	answer
20	if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material	nongold
21	A student mixed salt and sugar. Which statement describes the physical properties of salt and sugar after they were mixed?	question
22	if something undergoes physical change then the chemical properties of that something will remain unchanged	gold
23	salt is a kind of pure substance	gold
24	taste is a kind of property	nongold
25	sugar is a kind of pure substance	gold
26	both means two	nongold
27	a physical property is a kind of property	nongold
28	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
29	sugar dissolves in water when they are combined	nongold
30	A student mixed salt and sugar. Which statement describes the physical properties of salt and sugar after they were mixed?	question
31	a physical reaction is a kind of process	nongold
32	A student mixed salt and sugar. Which statement describes the physical properties of salt and sugar after they were mixed?	question
33	affected means changed	nongold
34	material means substance	nongold
35	mixture means solids combined together that maintain their physical properties	nongold
36	The sugar and the salt were unchanged.	answer
37	if something undergoes physical change then the chemical properties of that something will remain unchanged	gold
38	salt is a kind of pure substance	gold
39	if something undergoes physical change then the chemical properties of that something will remain unchanged	gold
40	an mixture is formed by two or more substances combined together physically	nongold
41	if something undergoes a physical change then the physical properties of that something will change	nongold
42	changed is the opposite of unchanged	nongold
43	phase means state	nongold
44	the  property of something is the same for the things of same kind	nongold
45	identical is the opposite of different	nongold
46	an object has properties	nongold
47	a  solution  is a kind of object	nongold
48	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
49	all elements are a kind of pure substance	nongold
50	sugar water is a kind of solution	nongold
51	substances are made of molecules	nongold
52	formation of a state of matter is a kind of process	nongold
53	a mixture usually is made of objects with different physical properties	nongold
54	stay the same means not changing	nongold
