0	crop rotation is when different crops are planted on a field in different years	gold
1	farming decreases animal habitats	nongold
2	crops are a kind of edible plant for eating	gold
3	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
4	replacing something causes that something to decrease	nongold
5	a farmer farms crops; plants for  food	gold
6	something hard; something strong can be used for protection	nongold
7	planting crops is a kind of activity	nongold
8	crop rotation renews; protects soil	gold
9	a farmer is a kind of human	gold
10	crops; farming cause nutrients in the soil to decrease	nongold
11	A farmer plants different types of crops to protect the soil.	answer
12	All natural resources on Earth are either renewable or nonrenewable. Whether a resource is renewable or nonrenewable depends on how fast or slow the resource is replaced. If the resource is used faster than it is replaced, then the resource will, in time, disappear. Which statement describes the use of a renewable natural resource?	question
13	crop rotation has a  positive impact on soil quality	gold
14	rapidly means quickly	nongold
15	crops are a kind of edible plant for eating	gold
16	farming is when a human plants crops for food	gold
17	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	gold
18	crops grow in soil	nongold
19	a farmer farms crops; plants for  food	gold
20	low quality soil has a small; a low number of nutrients	nongold
21	another means different	nongold
22	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	gold
23	crops are a kind of edible plant for eating	gold
24	crop rotation is when different crops are planted on a field in different years	gold
25	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
26	to protect means to defend	nongold
27	to change means to become different	nongold
28	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
29	high quality; rich; good soil has a high number of nutrients; amount of nitrogen	nongold
30	a plant requires soil for survival; to grow	gold
31	no-till farming reduces soil erosion	nongold
32	soil is a renewable resource for growing plants	gold
33	as the use of renewable resources use of renewable resources increases , use of nonrenewable resources will decrease	nongold
34	soil is a renewable resource for growing plants	gold
35	farming is when a human plants crops for food	gold
36	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	gold
37	protecting is a kind of function	nongold
38	cropland is used for farming by humans	nongold
39	crop rotation has a  positive impact on soil quality	gold
40	A farmer plants different types of crops to protect the soil.	answer
41	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
42	farming is when a human plants crops for food	gold
43	All natural resources on Earth are either renewable or nonrenewable. Whether a resource is renewable or nonrenewable depends on how fast or slow the resource is replaced. If the resource is used faster than it is replaced, then the resource will, in time, disappear. Which statement describes the use of a renewable natural resource?	question
44	vegetation means plants	nongold
45	crop rotation renews; protects soil	gold
46	A farmer plants different types of crops to protect the soil.	answer
47	soil is made of very small rocks; minerals	nongold
48	if something lasts longer then that something will not have to be replaced for a long time	nongold
49	if something causes something else then that something else depends on that something	nongold
50	a renewable resource is a kind of natural resource	nongold
51	renewable resources can be used over again	nongold
52	plants absorb nutrients; water; oxygen from soil into themselves through their roots	nongold
53	a farmer is a kind of human	gold
54	crop rotation has a  positive impact on soil quality	gold
55	a plant requires soil for survival; to grow	gold
56	soil is usually part of an environment	nongold
57	soil is a renewable resource for growing plants	gold
58	soil is a kind of material	nongold
59	producing crops requires using farm land	nongold
60	All natural resources on Earth are either renewable or nonrenewable. Whether a resource is renewable or nonrenewable depends on how fast or slow the resource is replaced. If the resource is used faster than it is replaced, then the resource will, in time, disappear. Which statement describes the use of a renewable natural resource?	question
61	fast means quickly	nongold
62	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
63	disappeared is similar to gone	nongold
64	a plant requires soil for survival; to grow	gold
65	if crops are sprayed with something then that something will be on the crop's surface	nongold
66	a farmer is a kind of human	gold
67	All natural resources on Earth are either renewable or nonrenewable. Whether a resource is renewable or nonrenewable depends on how fast or slow the resource is replaced. If the resource is used faster than it is replaced, then the resource will, in time, disappear. Which statement describes the use of a renewable natural resource?	question
68	a farmer farms crops; plants for  food	gold
69	crop rotation renews; protects soil	gold
70	soil is a part of the ground outside	nongold
71	A farmer plants different types of crops to protect the soil.	answer
72	crop rotation is when different crops are planted on a field in different years	gold
73	an inexhaustible resource is a kind of renewable resource	nongold
