0	a renewable energy source	answer
1	a source of something supplies that something	nongold
2	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	gold
3	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
4	an object; material; substance comes from that object or material's source	nongold
5	the solar system is a kind of system	nongold
6	recycling means reusing	nongold
7	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	gold
8	solar energy is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
9	recyclable means a material can be recycled	nongold
10	Homes that are built to be environmentally friendly because they use energy more efficiently than other homes are called "green" homes. "Green" homes often have reflective roofs and walls made of recycled materials. The windows in these energy-saving homes are double-paned, meaning each window has two pieces of glass. Double-paned windows have a layer of air between the window panes. This layer is a barrier against extreme temperatures and saves energy. A solar panel on a "green" home uses	question
11	a renewable energy source	answer
12	solar energy is a kind of energy	nongold
13	light is a kind of energy	nongold
14	heat means temperature increases	nongold
15	a solar panel converts sunlight; solar energy into electrical energy; electricity	gold
16	Homes that are built to be environmentally friendly because they use energy more efficiently than other homes are called "green" homes. "Green" homes often have reflective roofs and walls made of recycled materials. The windows in these energy-saving homes are double-paned, meaning each window has two pieces of glass. Double-paned windows have a layer of air between the window panes. This layer is a barrier against extreme temperatures and saves energy. A solar panel on a "green" home uses	question
17	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
18	solar energy is a source of electricity	nongold
19	a renewable energy source	answer
20	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
21	if something is powered by something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
22	solar energy is a kind of heat energy	nongold
23	air is a kind of matter	nongold
24	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
25	solar energy is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
26	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
27	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	nongold
28	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
29	resources sometimes are used for energy	gold
30	recycling has a  positive impact on the environment	nongold
31	a producer is a source of energy for consumers	nongold
32	saving money has a positive impact on a person; a company	nongold
33	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	gold
34	resources sometimes are used for energy	gold
35	renewable resources are often available for many years	nongold
36	sunlight means solar energy	nongold
37	absorbing sunlight causes objects to heat	nongold
38	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
39	a home is a kind of building	nongold
40	a renewable energy source	answer
41	single means one	nongold
42	a house is a kind of home	nongold
43	a solar panel converts sunlight; solar energy into electrical energy; electricity	gold
44	a house is a kind of building	nongold
45	a solar panel converts sunlight; solar energy into electrical energy; electricity	gold
46	Homes that are built to be environmentally friendly because they use energy more efficiently than other homes are called "green" homes. "Green" homes often have reflective roofs and walls made of recycled materials. The windows in these energy-saving homes are double-paned, meaning each window has two pieces of glass. Double-paned windows have a layer of air between the window panes. This layer is a barrier against extreme temperatures and saves energy. A solar panel on a "green" home uses	question
47	solar energy can warm up  the air	nongold
48	if an object; something is in the sunlight then that object; that something will absorb solar energy	nongold
49	Homes that are built to be environmentally friendly because they use energy more efficiently than other homes are called "green" homes. "Green" homes often have reflective roofs and walls made of recycled materials. The windows in these energy-saving homes are double-paned, meaning each window has two pieces of glass. Double-paned windows have a layer of air between the window panes. This layer is a barrier against extreme temperatures and saves energy. A solar panel on a "green" home uses	question
50	a window is a part of a house	nongold
51	if something converts a resource into energy it doesn't use then that something is not using that resource efficiently	nongold
52	temperature; heat energy is a property of objects; weather and includes ordered values of cold; cool; warm; hot	nongold
53	heat is a kind of energy	nongold
54	air temperature is a kind of temperature	nongold
55	to lower means to decrease	nongold
56	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
57	to provide something means to be the source of that something	nongold
58	solar energy is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
59	resources sometimes are used for energy	gold
