0	the sun rises in the east	nongold
1	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
2	Stars are organized into patterns called constellations. One constellation is named Leo. Which statement best explains why Leo appears in different areas of the sky throughout the year?	question
3	Leo is a kind of constellation	gold
4	the sun setting is a kind of event	nongold
5	a revolution occurs when something revolves around something else	nongold
6	sunlight is a kind of light	nongold
7	can be means able to be	nongold
8	a state is a kind of place	nongold
9	contains means located in	nongold
10	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	nongold
11	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
12	Earth revolves around the sun.	answer
13	to happen means to occur	nongold
14	Earth orbiting the Sun causes seasons to change	nongold
15	Leo is a kind of constellation	gold
16	Stars are organized into patterns called constellations. One constellation is named Leo. Which statement best explains why Leo appears in different areas of the sky throughout the year?	question
17	event is similar to occurrence	nongold
18	setting is a kind of motion	nongold
19	composed of means made of	nongold
20	to change means to become different	nongold
21	a constellation contains stars	gold
22	stars are located light years apart from each other	nongold
23	a star produces light and heat	nongold
24	Earth revolves around the sun.	answer
25	Stars are organized into patterns called constellations. One constellation is named Leo. Which statement best explains why Leo appears in different areas of the sky throughout the year?	question
26	area is similar to location	nongold
27	movements of celestial bodies are a kind of event	nongold
28	an environment means an area	nongold
29	revolving is a kind of action	nongold
30	if it is night then the sun has set	nongold
31	cycles of day and night occur once per day	nongold
32	best means most positive	nongold
33	a star is a source of light; light energy through nuclear reactions	nongold
34	to be made of means to consist of	nongold
35	local means relating to a certain area	nongold
36	if something moves then that something is in a different location	nongold
37	a rotation is a kind of movement	nongold
38	Earth's revolution is a kind of cycle	nongold
39	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	nongold
40	Leo is a kind of constellation	gold
41	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	gold
42	Stars are organized into patterns called constellations. One constellation is named Leo. Which statement best explains why Leo appears in different areas of the sky throughout the year?	question
43	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	gold
44	Earth revolves around the sun.	answer
45	organizing is sorting something by their properties in order	nongold
46	a planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet	nongold
47	years are a kind of unit for measuring time	nongold
48	the sun sets in the west	nongold
49	Earth revolves around the sun.	answer
50	Scorpio is a kind of constellation	nongold
51	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	gold
52	a constellation contains stars	gold
53	a constellation contains stars	gold
