0	As the human population increases, more fossil fuels are being used. The burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases. How might humans reduce greenhouse gases?	question
1	to combust means to catch fire	nongold
2	As the human population increases, more fossil fuels are being used. The burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases. How might humans reduce greenhouse gases?	question
3	using renewable resources to generate power reduces greenhouse gases	gold
4	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
5	Use renewable resources to generate power.	answer
6	a renewable resource is a kind of natural resource	nongold
7	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
8	if something generates energy for something else then that something powers that something else	nongold
9	if something requires something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
10	renewable resources are often available for many years	nongold
11	As the human population increases, more fossil fuels are being used. The burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases. How might humans reduce greenhouse gases?	question
12	as the use of something decreases , the use of the source of that something will decrease	nongold
13	as the use of renewable resources use of renewable resources increases , use of nonrenewable resources will decrease	nongold
14	if something is required for a process then that something positively impacts that process	nongold
15	natural gas is a source of heat by burning	nongold
16	natural gas is used for generating heat by burning in a furnace; in a stove	nongold
17	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
18	human is a kind of organism	nongold
19	natural gas is used for generating electricity by burning in a power plant	nongold
20	As the human population increases, more fossil fuels are being used. The burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases. How might humans reduce greenhouse gases?	question
21	electricity means electrical energy	nongold
22	as available resources increases , the population of an organism that uses those resources will increase	nongold
23	generating power is a kind of positive impact	nongold
24	powering is similar to fueling	nongold
25	if something releases something else then that something is the source of that something else	nongold
26	if something is a raw material then that something comes directly from a source	nongold
27	Use renewable resources to generate power.	answer
28	a producer is a kind of living thing	nongold
29	natural gas is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
30	a part of a process means a stage in a process	nongold
31	greenhouse gases are a part of the atmosphere	nongold
32	an inexhaustible resource is a kind of renewable resource	nongold
33	fossil fuels release carbon dioxide into the atmosphere	nongold
34	Use renewable resources to generate power.	answer
35	emit means produce	nongold
36	fuel is a kind of energy source	nongold
37	if something releases something else then that something else decreases in that something	nongold
38	Use renewable resources to generate power.	answer
39	renewable resources can be used over again	nongold
40	a producer is a source of energy for consumers	nongold
41	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
42	to use means to utilize	nongold
43	fossil fuels are a kind of energy resource	nongold
44	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
45	using renewable resources to generate power reduces greenhouse gases	gold
46	using renewable resources to generate power reduces greenhouse gases	gold
47	gases released during the use of fossil fuels causes global warming	nongold
48	an event is a kind of action	nongold
49	oil is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
