0	Sexual reproduction results in genetic variation in offspring.	answer
1	one parent is the source of 50% of the genes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	nongold
2	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
3	During sexual reproduction, a sperm cell fertilizes an egg cell to form a fertilized egg. The fertilized egg then develops into a new organism. Which statement describes the primary advantage of sexual reproduction over asexual reproduction?	question
4	the properties of something are used for describing that something	nongold
5	advantage has a positive impact on something	gold
6	a human sperm cell has 23; twenty-three chromosomes	nongold
7	sexual reproduction is a source of genetic variation; naturally occurring variation in offspring; in a species	gold
8	developing means growing	nongold
9	each sex cell provides half the number of chromosomes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	nongold
10	Sexual reproduction results in genetic variation in offspring.	answer
11	in sexual reproduction the egg is a vehicle for the genes from the mother to the offspring	nongold
12	sexual reproduction is a source of genetic variation; naturally occurring variation in offspring; in a species	gold
13	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	nongold
14	advantage has a positive impact on something	gold
15	develop is similar to form	nongold
16	sexual reproduction is a source of genetic variation; naturally occurring variation in offspring; in a species	gold
17	During sexual reproduction, a sperm cell fertilizes an egg cell to form a fertilized egg. The fertilized egg then develops into a new organism. Which statement describes the primary advantage of sexual reproduction over asexual reproduction?	question
18	asexual reproduction is not a source of genetic variation in offspring	gold
19	if something causes an increase in something else then that something produces that something else	nongold
20	low is similar to decrease	nongold
21	an adaptation is an advantage	nongold
22	an egg requires warmth to survive; hatch; develop	nongold
23	to cause means to result in	gold
24	different organisms reproduce differently	nongold
25	a mother births offspring	nongold
26	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
27	result means outcome	nongold
28	advantage has a positive impact on something	gold
29	to cause means to result in	gold
30	some animals have offspring by laying eggs	nongold
31	animals require fertilization to reproduce	nongold
32	to reproduce means to have; to produce offspring	nongold
33	offspring receive genes from their parents through inheritence; DNA; sexual reproduction	nongold
34	an animal requires a mate to fertilize an egg	nongold
35	reproduction is a stage in the life cycle process	nongold
36	variation means change	nongold
37	if an animal hatches from an egg then that animal is born	nongold
38	fertilization is when an egg cell becomes fertilized	nongold
39	a living thing is made of cells	nongold
40	to cause means to result in	gold
41	an egg is a kind of object	nongold
42	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
43	high is similar to increase	nongold
44	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
45	solution is similar to a positive impact	nongold
46	genetic variation in offspring has a positive impact on an organism's; offspring's survival; health; ability to reproduce	gold
47	children; young is synonymous with offspring	nongold
48	During sexual reproduction, a sperm cell fertilizes an egg cell to form a fertilized egg. The fertilized egg then develops into a new organism. Which statement describes the primary advantage of sexual reproduction over asexual reproduction?	question
49	parents produce offspring	nongold
50	sexual reproduction in animals is when egg; sperm join together	nongold
51	asexual reproduction is not a source of genetic variation in offspring	gold
52	asexual reproduction is not a source of genetic variation in offspring	gold
53	genetic variation in offspring has a positive impact on an organism's; offspring's survival; health; ability to reproduce	gold
54	During sexual reproduction, a sperm cell fertilizes an egg cell to form a fertilized egg. The fertilized egg then develops into a new organism. Which statement describes the primary advantage of sexual reproduction over asexual reproduction?	question
55	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	nongold
56	Sexual reproduction results in genetic variation in offspring.	answer
57	Sexual reproduction results in genetic variation in offspring.	answer
58	genetic variation in offspring has a positive impact on an organism's; offspring's survival; health; ability to reproduce	gold
59	impact means effect	nongold
60	if something is required for a process then that something positively impacts that process	nongold
