0	a seed is a part of a plant	nongold
1	crops; farming cause nutrients in the soil to decrease	nongold
2	crop rotation has a  positive impact on soil quality	gold
3	plants are a kind of resource	nongold
4	a plant requires soil for survival; to grow	gold
5	farming is a kind of process	nongold
6	to protect means to make safe	nongold
7	a farmer farms crops; plants for  food	gold
8	a farmer farms crops; plants for  food	gold
9	a farmer is a kind of human	gold
10	fruit trees are a kind of crop	nongold
11	producing crops requires using farm land	nongold
12	a plant requires photosynthesis to grow; survive	nongold
13	A farmer plants different types of crops to protect the soil.	answer
14	crops are a kind of edible plant for eating	gold
15	A farmer plants different types of crops to protect the soil.	answer
16	farming decreases animal habitats	nongold
17	farming is when a human plants crops for food	gold
18	a farmer is a kind of human	gold
19	soil is a kind of material	nongold
20	soil erosion is a kind of slow; natural process	nongold
21	crop rotation has a  positive impact on soil quality	gold
22	a plant requires soil for survival; to grow	gold
23	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
24	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	gold
25	a farmer farms crops; plants for  food	gold
26	a farmer is a kind of human	gold
27	soil is a renewable resource for growing plants	gold
28	plants of the same species have the same type of seed	nongold
29	protection means resistance to damage increases	nongold
30	All natural resources on Earth are either renewable or nonrenewable. Whether a resource is renewable or nonrenewable depends on how fast or slow the resource is replaced. If the resource is used faster than it is replaced, then the resource will, in time, disappear. Which statement describes the use of a renewable natural resource?	question
31	crops growing well has a positive impact on a farmer's livelihood	nongold
32	renewable resources can be used over again	nongold
33	all living things grow	nongold
34	replacement means something that is replaced	nongold
35	replace means change from one thing into  another	nongold
36	soil is a renewable resource for growing plants	gold
37	no-till farming reduces soil erosion	nongold
38	A farmer plants different types of crops to protect the soil.	answer
39	A farmer plants different types of crops to protect the soil.	answer
40	crops are a kind of edible plant for eating	gold
41	crops are a kind of edible plant for eating	gold
42	variety means different kinds; different types	nongold
43	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
44	crop rotation is when different crops are planted on a field in different years	gold
45	farming changes the environment	nongold
46	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
47	crop rotation renews; protects soil	gold
48	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
49	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
50	farming is when a human plants crops for food	gold
51	crop rotation is when different crops are planted on a field in different years	gold
52	fertile soil is high in quality	nongold
53	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
54	crop rotation has a  positive impact on soil quality	gold
55	photosynthesis means producers; green plants convert from carbon dioxide and water and solar energy into carbohydrates and food and oxygen for themselves	nongold
56	crop rotation renews; protects soil	gold
57	crop rotation is when different crops are planted on a field in different years	gold
58	All natural resources on Earth are either renewable or nonrenewable. Whether a resource is renewable or nonrenewable depends on how fast or slow the resource is replaced. If the resource is used faster than it is replaced, then the resource will, in time, disappear. Which statement describes the use of a renewable natural resource?	question
59	a plant requires soil for survival; to grow	gold
60	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	gold
61	farming is when a human plants crops for food	gold
62	a fossil fuel is a kind of natural resource	nongold
63	All natural resources on Earth are either renewable or nonrenewable. Whether a resource is renewable or nonrenewable depends on how fast or slow the resource is replaced. If the resource is used faster than it is replaced, then the resource will, in time, disappear. Which statement describes the use of a renewable natural resource?	question
64	protecting nature has a positive impact on the environment	nongold
65	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	gold
66	crop rotation renews; protects soil	gold
67	disappearing is similar to decreasing	nongold
68	decreasing use  of a resource protects that resource	nongold
69	All natural resources on Earth are either renewable or nonrenewable. Whether a resource is renewable or nonrenewable depends on how fast or slow the resource is replaced. If the resource is used faster than it is replaced, then the resource will, in time, disappear. Which statement describes the use of a renewable natural resource?	question
70	soil is a renewable resource for growing plants	gold
71	a natural resource is a kind of environmental factor	nongold
72	roots are a part of a plant; tree	nongold
