0	trait is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
1	a baby is the offspring of a parent	nongold
2	skills are learned characteristics; behaviors	gold
3	ability is a kind of characteristic	nongold
4	color is a property of  an object; a material	nongold
5	unique  is the opposite of diverse	nongold
6	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	nongold
7	a child is a kind of young human	nongold
8	tall means great in height	nongold
9	being a good cook	answer
10	food is what an animal eats	nongold
11	performance is similar to ability	nongold
12	skills are learned characteristics; behaviors	gold
13	locomotion is a generally learned behavior	nongold
14	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
15	curly hair is an inherited characteristic	nongold
16	an animal knows how to do  instinctive behaviors when it is born	nongold
17	being a good cook	answer
18	if two objects are similar , then the two objects share properties	nongold
19	person is synonymous with human	nongold
20	a behavior is a kind of characteristic	gold
21	A parent and a child share several characteristics. Both individuals are tall, have curly hair, are good cooks, and have freckles. Which of these characteristics is a learned behavior?	question
22	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
23	good means positive	nongold
24	hair; fur is  a part of skin for protection; keeping warm	nongold
25	cooking is a kind of skill for preparing food	gold
26	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
27	best means most positive	nongold
28	characteristic means property	nongold
29	inherited characteristics are the opposite of learned characteristics; acquired characteristics	nongold
30	being a good cook	answer
31	to enhance means to increase	nongold
32	high is similar to increase	nongold
33	an inherited characteristic is a kind of characteristic	nongold
34	a behavior is a kind of characteristic	gold
35	physical fitness is an acquired characteristic	nongold
36	feature is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
37	to eat means to consume food	nongold
38	a father is a kind of male parent	nongold
39	a learned characteristic is a kind of acquired characteristic	nongold
40	animals learn some behaviors from watching their parents	nongold
41	doing something more is a kind of conditioned behavior	nongold
42	cooking is a kind of skill for preparing food	gold
43	A parent and a child share several characteristics. Both individuals are tall, have curly hair, are good cooks, and have freckles. Which of these characteristics is a learned behavior?	question
44	A parent and a child share several characteristics. Both individuals are tall, have curly hair, are good cooks, and have freckles. Which of these characteristics is a learned behavior?	question
45	cooking is a kind of skill for preparing food	gold
46	freckles are an inherited characteristic	nongold
47	A parent and a child share several characteristics. Both individuals are tall, have curly hair, are good cooks, and have freckles. Which of these characteristics is a learned behavior?	question
48	an adaptation is a kind of characteristic	nongold
49	being a good cook	answer
50	social behavior is a kind of learned behavior	nongold
51	a behavior is a kind of characteristic	gold
52	a person is a kind of animal	nongold
53	skills are learned characteristics; behaviors	gold
54	human is similar to individual	nongold
