0	negative impacts on a species will decrease populations of a species	nongold
1	a forest is a kind of environment	gold
2	if an organism dies then the population of that organism will decrease	nongold
3	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
4	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
5	An insect is a pollinating animal	nongold
6	A population of small, plant-eating beetles lives in a forest. About half of the beetles are light brown and the others are dark green. If years of drought cause the area to become dry with few trees, what would the beetle population most likely look like after several generations?	question
7	a drought can change the color of an environment from green to brown	gold
8	nonliving; non-living; die is the opposite of living; alive; live	nongold
9	a living thing is a kind of object	gold
10	a living thing is a kind of object	gold
11	a plant requires a habitat for survival	nongold
12	forest is synonymous with wooded area	nongold
13	looking like is similar to camouflaging as	nongold
14	predators eat prey	nongold
15	green is a kind of color	gold
16	a forest is a kind of environment	gold
17	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
18	brown is a kind of color	gold
19	an insect is a kind of animal	gold
20	a beetle is a kind of insect	gold
21	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
22	an insect is a kind of animal	gold
23	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
24	A population of small, plant-eating beetles lives in a forest. About half of the beetles are light brown and the others are dark green. If years of drought cause the area to become dry with few trees, what would the beetle population most likely look like after several generations?	question
25	drought means available water decreases in an environment	nongold
26	killing means changing a living thing from alive to dead by harming	nongold
27	color is a property of  an object; a material	gold
28	a dense forest environment often is dark in color	nongold
29	light is a kind of nonliving thing	nongold
30	a forest is a kind of environment	gold
31	drying means amount of water; amount of liquid; wetness decreases	nongold
32	a drought can change the color of an environment from green to brown	gold
33	A population of small, plant-eating beetles lives in a forest. About half of the beetles are light brown and the others are dark green. If years of drought cause the area to become dry with few trees, what would the beetle population most likely look like after several generations?	question
34	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
35	a drought can change the color of an environment from green to brown	gold
36	brown is a kind of color	gold
37	an animal is a member of an animal species	nongold
38	A population of small, plant-eating beetles lives in a forest. About half of the beetles are light brown and the others are dark green. If years of drought cause the area to become dry with few trees, what would the beetle population most likely look like after several generations?	question
39	an organism is a living thing	gold
40	an environment is a kind of place	nongold
41	most predators live in; live near the same environment as their prey	nongold
42	green is a kind of color	gold
43	dark means dark in color	nongold
44	as dryness increases in an environment , the available water in that environment will decrease	nongold
45	It would be mostly light brown beetles.	answer
46	brown is a kind of color	gold
47	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
48	an organism is a living thing	gold
49	It would be mostly light brown beetles.	answer
50	It would be mostly light brown beetles.	answer
51	organisms are a part of an environment	nongold
52	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
53	a living thing is a kind of object	gold
54	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
55	an organism is a living thing	gold
56	dark means a low amount of light	nongold
57	color is a property of  an object; a material	gold
58	low is similar to decrease	nongold
59	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
60	green is a kind of color	gold
61	dark is the opposite of light	nongold
62	It would be mostly light brown beetles.	answer
63	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
64	harming an environment causes harm to the living things; to the organisms in that environment	nongold
65	animals; living things live and feed in their habitats; near their habitats	nongold
66	killing means harming something causing death	nongold
67	organisms; living things live in their habitat; their home	nongold
68	a tree is a kind of plant	nongold
69	an insect is a kind of animal	gold
70	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
71	a beetle is a kind of insect	gold
72	a beetle is a kind of insect	gold
73	color is a property of  an object; a material	gold
