0	falling means moving downward	gold
1	gravity accelerates an object while that object falls by pulling on it	gold
2	distance moved; distance travelled is a measure of how far an object moves	nongold
3	highest means largest; greatest; most in height	gold
4	low means low in elevation; height; altitude	nongold
5	as  matter vibrates harder; faster , the  volume of the sound produced will increase	nongold
6	noise means sound	gold
7	if an object accelerates then that object will go faster	gold
8	high means a lot of something	nongold
9	a measure of time is a length of time	nongold
10	lowest means least in value; amount; number	nongold
11	sound means sound energy	nongold
12	if an object accelerates then that object will go faster	gold
13	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
14	as the mass of an object increases , the force of gravity on that object will increase	nongold
15	higher means greater; above in value; amount; number	nongold
16	a ball is a kind of object	gold
17	A ball is dropped from different heights. When the ball is dropped from the highest height, it makes the greatest noise or vibration when it lands on the ground. What is the best explanation for the ball making the greatest noise?	question
18	A ball is dropped from different heights. When the ball is dropped from the highest height, it makes the greatest noise or vibration when it lands on the ground. What is the best explanation for the ball making the greatest noise?	question
19	a ball is a kind of object	gold
20	to land on the ground means to hit the ground	gold
21	faster means increased rate	nongold
22	Gravity pulls for a longer time and the ball goes faster.	answer
23	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
24	rate is similar to speed	nongold
25	up means upward	nongold
26	as the altitude increases , the gravity will decrease	nongold
27	high speed means fast	nongold
28	vibration is a kind of motion	nongold
29	A ball is dropped from different heights. When the ball is dropped from the highest height, it makes the greatest noise or vibration when it lands on the ground. What is the best explanation for the ball making the greatest noise?	question
30	shorter means decreased length	nongold
31	speed is a measure of how fast an object is moving	nongold
32	Gravity pulls for a longer time and the ball goes faster.	answer
33	A ball is dropped from different heights. When the ball is dropped from the highest height, it makes the greatest noise or vibration when it lands on the ground. What is the best explanation for the ball making the greatest noise?	question
34	falling means moving downward	gold
35	as distance from an object decreases , the the pull of gravity on that object increases	nongold
36	Gravity pulls for a longer time and the ball goes faster.	answer
37	rising means height; altitude increases	nongold
38	height is a measure of length from the top of an object to the bottom of an object	nongold
39	a ball is a kind of object	gold
40	gravity;gravitational force causes objects that have mass; substances to be pulled down; to fall on a planet	nongold
41	downward means down	nongold
42	gravity accelerates an object while that object falls by pulling on it	gold
43	Gravity pulls for a longer time and the ball goes faster.	answer
44	as the height of a dropped object increases , that object will fall for longer	gold
45	if an object accelerates then that object will go faster	gold
46	low is the opposite of high	nongold
47	rising means elevation	nongold
48	high means great in altitude	nongold
49	the ground is at the bottom of an area	nongold
50	louder means higher; greater in volume	nongold
51	to land on the ground means to hit the ground	gold
52	upward is the opposite of downward	nongold
53	altitude is the distance from the ground to an object in the sky	nongold
54	pull is similar to attract	nongold
55	noise means sound	gold
56	speed is a measure of distance travelled by an object over time; divided by time; per unit of time	nongold
57	falling means moving downward	gold
58	pulling is a kind of motion	nongold
59	as the height of a dropped object increases , that object will fall for longer	gold
60	gravity accelerates an object while that object falls by pulling on it	gold
61	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
62	fast means quickly	nongold
63	highest means largest; greatest; most in height	gold
64	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
65	to land on the ground means to hit the ground	gold
66	highest means largest; greatest; most in height	gold
67	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
68	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
69	noise means sound	gold
70	as the height of a dropped object increases , that object will fall for longer	gold
