0	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
1	sound travels fastest through solid	nongold
2	vibration is a kind of motion	nongold
3	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
4	a ball is a kind of object	gold
5	Gravity pulls for a longer time and the ball goes faster.	answer
6	gravity accelerates an object while that object falls by pulling on it	gold
7	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
8	if an object accelerates then that object will go faster	gold
9	to add means to increase	nongold
10	A ball is dropped from different heights. When the ball is dropped from the highest height, it makes the greatest noise or vibration when it lands on the ground. What is the best explanation for the ball making the greatest noise?	question
11	as the speed of an object increases , the force that object exerts will increase	nongold
12	the ground is at the bottom of an area	nongold
13	Gravity pulls for a longer time and the ball goes faster.	answer
14	as  matter vibrates harder; faster , the  volume of the sound produced will increase	nongold
15	speed up means increase	nongold
16	gravity accelerates an object while that object falls by pulling on it	gold
17	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
18	to land on the ground means to hit the ground	gold
19	speed is a measure of distance travelled by an object over time; divided by time; per unit of time	nongold
20	a measure of time is a length of time	nongold
21	a ball is a kind of object	gold
22	Gravity pulls for a longer time and the ball goes faster.	answer
23	highest means largest; greatest; most in height	gold
24	falling means height decreases	nongold
25	speed is a property of an object and includes values of slow; fast	nongold
26	as the distance from an object increases , the force of gravity on that object will decrease	nongold
27	a ball is a kind of object	gold
28	rate is similar to speed	nongold
29	noise means sound	gold
30	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
31	as the height of a dropped object increases , that object will fall for longer	gold
32	as an object is moving down , the speed of the object  will increase	nongold
33	highest means largest; greatest; most in height	gold
34	A ball is dropped from different heights. When the ball is dropped from the highest height, it makes the greatest noise or vibration when it lands on the ground. What is the best explanation for the ball making the greatest noise?	question
35	distance moved; distance travelled is a measure of how far an object moves	nongold
36	fast means quickly	nongold
37	falling means moving downward	gold
38	altitude is the distance from the ground to an object in the sky	nongold
39	high means a lot of something	nongold
40	to cause means to make	nongold
41	if an object accelerates then that object will go faster	gold
42	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
43	Gravity pulls for a longer time and the ball goes faster.	answer
44	A ball is dropped from different heights. When the ball is dropped from the highest height, it makes the greatest noise or vibration when it lands on the ground. What is the best explanation for the ball making the greatest noise?	question
45	to land on the ground means to hit the ground	gold
46	to travel up means to rise	nongold
47	gravity accelerates an object while that object falls by pulling on it	gold
48	A ball is dropped from different heights. When the ball is dropped from the highest height, it makes the greatest noise or vibration when it lands on the ground. What is the best explanation for the ball making the greatest noise?	question
49	highest means largest; greatest; most in height	gold
50	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
51	if an object accelerates then that object will go faster	gold
52	closer means lower; less; a decrease in distance	nongold
53	to lower means to decrease	nongold
54	noise means sound	gold
55	falling means moving downward	gold
56	noise means sound	gold
57	lowest means least in value; amount; number	nongold
58	low is the opposite of high	nongold
59	to land on the ground means to hit the ground	gold
60	louder means higher; greater in volume	nongold
61	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
62	drop means decrease	nongold
63	as the altitude increases , the gravity will decrease	nongold
64	falling means moving downward	gold
65	as the height of a dropped object increases , that object will fall for longer	gold
66	loud means high in sound energy;sound intensity	nongold
67	as the height of a dropped object increases , that object will fall for longer	gold
68	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	nongold
69	fast is the opposite of slow	nongold
70	rising means elevation	nongold
