0	scattering light decreases visibility	gold
1	a droplet is a kind of little drop	gold
2	if something is outside during the day , then that something will reflect enough light to be seen	nongold
3	as distance from a source of something increases , that something will decrease	nongold
4	water vapor is found in the atmosphere	nongold
5	In clear weather, a bright light can be seen for a long distance. In conditions of heavy fog, the visibility is greatly reduced. Which of the following explains the reduced visibility?	question
6	In clear weather, a bright light can be seen for a long distance. In conditions of heavy fog, the visibility is greatly reduced. Which of the following explains the reduced visibility?	question
7	water droplets scatter light	gold
8	increase means more	nongold
9	moving away from the source increases the distance	nongold
10	bright means bright; light in color	nongold
11	a droplet is a kind of little drop	gold
12	In clear weather, a bright light can be seen for a long distance. In conditions of heavy fog, the visibility is greatly reduced. Which of the following explains the reduced visibility?	question
13	moisture means liquid; liquid water	nongold
14	Light is scattered by water droplets in the air.	answer
15	far means great in distance	nongold
16	clouds are made of water vapor; rain droplets	nongold
17	Light is scattered by water droplets in the air.	answer
18	water droplets scatter light	gold
19	air is a part of the environment	nongold
20	Light is scattered by water droplets in the air.	answer
21	air is a kind of gas	nongold
22	to reduce means to decrease	gold
23	fog is formed by water vapor condensing in the air	gold
24	a drop is a small amount of liquid	gold
25	to reduce means to decrease	gold
26	as the amount of a source of something decreases , the amount of that something will decrease	nongold
27	fog is formed by water vapor condensing in the air	gold
28	close means low in distance	nongold
29	near; close is the opposite of far; away	nongold
30	seeing requires light	nongold
31	sunlight is a kind of light	nongold
32	scattering light decreases visibility	gold
33	rainwater is a kind of water	nongold
34	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
35	clear weather means sunny; not cloudy; not rainy weather	nongold
36	fog is formed by water vapor condensing in the air	gold
37	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
38	scattering light decreases visibility	gold
39	a droplet is a kind of little drop	gold
40	distance moved; distance travelled is a measure of how far an object moves	nongold
41	to reduce means to decrease	gold
42	sky conditions are a property of weather	nongold
43	visible means able to be seen	nongold
44	drop means decrease	nongold
45	water droplets scatter light	gold
46	An example of moisture is water vapor in the atmosphere	nongold
47	water absorbs light energy	nongold
48	water vapor has an impact on weather conditions associated with an air mass	nongold
49	In clear weather, a bright light can be seen for a long distance. In conditions of heavy fog, the visibility is greatly reduced. Which of the following explains the reduced visibility?	question
50	water is a kind of matter	nongold
51	water is a kind of object	nongold
52	Light is scattered by water droplets in the air.	answer
53	visible light is able to be seen without using equipment	nongold
54	less means a reduced amount	nongold
55	to lower means to decrease	nongold
56	a drop is a small amount of liquid	gold
57	weather is  a measure of the condition of the air in a place at a certain time	nongold
58	high is similar to increase	nongold
59	bright means a lot of light	nongold
60	a drop is a small amount of liquid	gold
61	to limit means to decrease	nongold
62	clouds are formed by water vapor rising into colder regions of the atmosphere and condensing	nongold
