0	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
1	to place in is similar to to move to	nongold
2	to remain means to stay where it is	nongold
3	a candle is a kind of object	nongold
4	the length of time of a substance burning can be used to measure the amount of the chemical energy in the substance	nongold
5	lighting a candle causes that candle to burn	gold
6	if something is left out in the open then that something is exposed to oxygen	gold
7	contents means the substance in a container	nongold
8	visible light is a kind of  light	nongold
9	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
10	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
11	lowest means least in value; amount; number	nongold
12	a burner is a kind of object; surface	nongold
13	lighting a candle causes that candle to burn	gold
14	the candle left out in the open	answer
15	shorter means decreased length	nongold
16	staying means not changing	nongold
17	motionless means staying in the same place	nongold
18	lighting a candle causes that candle to burn	gold
19	covering something is a kind of protection	nongold
20	a container is a kind of object	nongold
21	the candle left out in the open	answer
22	to add means to increase	nongold
23	place means space	nongold
24	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
25	often is similar to likely	nongold
26	placing is a kind of action	nongold
27	a candle is a source of light when it is burned	nongold
28	if an object is placed in a liquid , then the  increased volume of the liquid will be equal to the volume of that object	nongold
29	a vacuum has no matter in it	nongold
30	a surface is a part of an object	nongold
31	particles in objects are a kind of matter	nongold
32	dark means a low amount of light	nongold
33	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
34	if the amount of; quantity of something stops decreasing then the amount of; quantity of that something may  increase	nongold
35	a jar is a kind of container	nongold
36	same means identical; equal in value; amount; number; quantity	nongold
37	longest means greatest in length	nongold
38	amount of daylight means length of daylight	nongold
39	if something is left out in the open then that something is exposed to oxygen	gold
40	material means substance	nongold
41	if a container contains something then that container touches that something	nongold
42	the candle left out in the open	answer
43	the candle left out in the open	answer
44	heat means heat energy	nongold
45	how long something takes is a kind of measurement of time	nongold
46	long means great in length	nongold
47	a container contains objects; material; substances	nongold
48	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
49	if something is left out in the open then that something is exposed to oxygen	gold
50	left out of means moved from	nongold
51	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
