0	a halogen is a kind of element	nongold
1	form means kind	nongold
2	if something undergoes a physical change then the physical properties of that something will change	nongold
3	Magnesium burns.	answer
4	metal is a kind of substance	nongold
5	Physical and chemical properties can be used to classify substances. Which of these shows a chemical property?	question
6	magnesium is a kind of substance	gold
7	a flame are a part of a fire	nongold
8	Physical and chemical properties can be used to classify substances. Which of these shows a chemical property?	question
9	magnesium is a kind of alkaline earth metal	nongold
10	combustion means fire converts chemical energy into light energy and heat energy	gold
11	the properties of something are used for describing that something	nongold
12	chemical reactivity is a property of elements and includes ordered values of reactive; unreactive	nongold
13	physical state means state of matter	nongold
14	magnesium is a kind of substance	gold
15	a physical reaction is a kind of process	nongold
16	a fire requires  oxygen to burn	nongold
17	material composition is a kind of chemical property	nongold
18	a physical property is a kind of property	nongold
19	fire causes burning	gold
20	the properties of something can be used to identify; used to describe that something	nongold
21	combustion means fire converts chemical energy into light energy and heat energy	gold
22	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
23	classifying is a kind of science process	nongold
24	substances are made of elements	nongold
25	Physical and chemical properties can be used to classify substances. Which of these shows a chemical property?	question
26	mass is a kind of physical property	nongold
27	chemical composition is a kind of property	nongold
28	lithium; sodium; potassium; rubidium; caesium; francium is located in alkali metals; group 1 on the periodic table	nongold
29	substances have chemical properties	nongold
30	An example of a chemical property is how a material reacts chemically	nongold
31	Magnesium burns.	answer
32	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
33	Physical and chemical properties can be used to classify substances. Which of these shows a chemical property?	question
34	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
35	an element is a kind of material	nongold
36	aluminum is a kind of element	nongold
37	an element is a kind of  substance	nongold
38	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
39	chemical reactions cause chemical change	nongold
40	chlorine is a kind of element	nongold
41	fire causes burning	gold
42	Magnesium burns.	answer
43	high temperatures can cause an object to combust	nongold
44	chemical change is the opposite of physical change	nongold
45	combustion is a kind of chemical change	gold
46	combustion is a kind of chemical change	gold
47	magnesium is a kind of substance	gold
48	combustion is a kind of chemical change	gold
49	sodium is a kind of element	nongold
50	combustion means fire converts chemical energy into light energy and heat energy	gold
51	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
52	to tell the difference between things means to classify those things	nongold
53	Magnesium burns.	answer
54	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	nongold
55	acidity is a property of chemicals; substances and includes ordered values of basic; neutral; acidic	nongold
56	helium is a kind of element	nongold
57	compound is a kind of chemical	nongold
58	zinc is a kind of metal	nongold
59	An example of a chemical property is the elements a compound is made of	nongold
60	fire causes burning	gold
