0	if it is night then the sun has set	nongold
1	solar energy is a kind of light	nongold
2	the sun rising; setting occurs once per day	nongold
3	the sun is the source of solar energy called sunlight	nongold
4	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
5	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
6	an object; material; substance comes from that object or material's source	nongold
7	where something  comes from is a source of that something	gold
8	planets reflect the light of the sun	nongold
9	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
10	where something  comes from is a source of that something	gold
11	the moon reflects sunlight towards the Earth	gold
12	an object is made of its parts	nongold
13	to shine means to emit light	nongold
14	a star is a source of light; light energy through nuclear reactions	nongold
15	a full moon is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
16	visible light is a kind of  light	nongold
17	as the light reflected off of an object increases , the object will appear to be brighter	nongold
18	an event is a kind of action	nongold
19	brighter means higher; greater in brightness	nongold
20	reflection is when light is reflected from one object; one place to  another object; another place	nongold
21	the moon is less bright than the sun	nongold
22	Earth is a kind of planet	nongold
23	sunlight produces heat	nongold
24	shiny things; objects reflect light	nongold
25	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
26	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
27	if an object reflects light toward the eye then that object can be seen	nongold
28	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
29	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
30	the moon reflects sunlight towards the Earth	gold
31	a moon is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
32	the Earth rotating on its axis causes  stars; the Moon to appear to move across the sky at night	nongold
33	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
34	light is a kind of wave	nongold
35	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
36	the Earth revolves around the sun	nongold
37	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
38	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
39	can be means able to be	nongold
40	reflecting light; sound is the opposite of absorbing light; sound	nongold
41	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
42	where something  comes from is a source of that something	gold
43	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
44	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
45	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
46	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
47	the sun is a source of radiation; heat called sunlight	nongold
48	bright means bright; light in color	nongold
49	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
50	the moon reflects sunlight towards the Earth	gold
51	darkness occurs at night	nongold
52	light reflecting off of an object causes that object to be visible to the observer	nongold
53	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
