0	microscope is used to see small things; microscopic things; specimens by biologists by making them appear bigger	gold
1	researcher is a kind of scientist	nongold
2	to enable is to help	nongold
3	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
4	high is similar to increase	nongold
5	a microscope is a kind of tool for observing small things	gold
6	smaller means less; lower in size	nongold
7	as the size of an object appears larger , that object will be seen;be observed more easily; better	gold
8	to help; to benefit means to be of use	nongold
9	to enhance means to increase	nongold
10	an instrument is a piece of equipment	nongold
11	low is similar to decrease	nongold
12	to make means to build	nongold
13	They make small objects easier to see.	answer
14	to change means to have an effect	nongold
15	scientists make observations	gold
16	a surface is a part of a material	nongold
17	size is a property of objects and includes ordered values of microscopic; tiny; small; medium; large	nongold
18	better means good	nongold
19	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
20	as the size of an object appears larger , that object will be seen;be observed more easily; better	gold
21	a microscope is a kind of tool for observing small things	gold
22	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
23	microscope is used to see small things; microscopic things; specimens by biologists by making them appear bigger	gold
24	seeing small things is difficult	nongold
25	if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material	nongold
26	They make small objects easier to see.	answer
27	good means positive	nongold
28	to make something easier means to help	nongold
29	to see means to look	nongold
30	being used for is similar to providing	nongold
31	The first microscopes were built in the 1600s. Microscopes have improved since then, but still perform the same job. How do microscopes most help scientists?	question
32	a magnifying glass is a kind of tool for observing small things	nongold
33	make means produce	nongold
34	a microscope is a kind of tool for observing small things	gold
35	instrument means tool	nongold
36	scientists make observations	gold
37	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
38	seeing is used for sensing visual things	nongold
39	eyes are used for seeing by animals by sensing light	nongold
40	microscope is used to see small things; microscopic things; specimens by biologists by making them appear bigger	gold
41	hard is the opposite of easy	nongold
42	scientists make observations	gold
43	magnifying makes seeing small things easier through using a magnifying glass; using a microscope	nongold
44	a positive impact is a helpful effect	nongold
45	The first microscopes were built in the 1600s. Microscopes have improved since then, but still perform the same job. How do microscopes most help scientists?	question
46	as the size of an object appears larger , that object will be seen;be observed more easily; better	gold
47	to be used  for something means to help to do that something	gold
48	to lower means to decrease	nongold
49	to add means to increase	nongold
50	to be used  for something means to help to do that something	gold
51	to work means to function	nongold
52	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
53	The first microscopes were built in the 1600s. Microscopes have improved since then, but still perform the same job. How do microscopes most help scientists?	question
54	to be used  for something means to help to do that something	gold
55	The first microscopes were built in the 1600s. Microscopes have improved since then, but still perform the same job. How do microscopes most help scientists?	question
56	They make small objects easier to see.	answer
57	to be helpful means to help to do	nongold
58	best means most positive	nongold
59	They make small objects easier to see.	answer
