0	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
1	moving changes potential energy; stored energy into kinetic energy and heat energy	nongold
2	a box is a kind of object	gold
3	gravitational potential energy is a measure of the product of weight and height	gold
4	a measurement is a kind of data	gold
5	getting information sometimes requires observing; observation	nongold
6	gravitational potential energy is a kind of potential energy	gold
7	a box is a kind of object	gold
8	as the amount; size of something increases , the extensive properties of that something will increase	nongold
9	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
10	potential energy means stored energy	nongold
11	gravitational potential energy is a kind of potential energy	gold
12	data means information	gold
13	calculating is similar to estimating	gold
14	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
15	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
16	gravitational potential energy is a measure of the product of weight and height	gold
17	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
18	location is a kind of information	nongold
19	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
20	information is used to describe something	nongold
21	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
22	calculating is similar to estimating	gold
23	height is a kind of position	gold
24	mass is a kind of information	nongold
25	potential energy is a measure of the energy of an object due to position relative to other objects	gold
26	gravitational potential energy is a kind of potential energy	gold
27	a room is a kind of object	nongold
28	heat is a kind of energy	nongold
29	changes potential energy into kinetic energy through motion	nongold
30	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
31	data means information	gold
32	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
33	potential energy is a measure of the energy of an object due to position relative to other objects	gold
34	data means information	gold
35	a box is a kind of object	gold
36	height is a kind of position	gold
37	calculation means measurement	nongold
38	high is similar to increase	nongold
39	learning; studying information causes one to know that information	nongold
40	growing is when an animal's height;mass;size increase	nongold
41	as amount; size of something increases , the intensive properties of that something will not change	nongold
42	measuring sometimes requires  recording; learning an amount	nongold
43	height is a measure of length from the top of an object to the bottom of an object	gold
44	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
45	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
46	a measurement is a kind of data	gold
47	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
48	height is a property of the size of an object	nongold
49	low is similar to decrease	nongold
50	potential energy is a kind of energy	nongold
51	the bottom is the lowest part of something	nongold
52	tall means great in height	nongold
53	shelf is a kind of  object	gold
54	height is a kind of position	gold
55	height is a measure of length from the top of an object to the bottom of an object	gold
56	low means low in elevation; height; altitude	nongold
57	potential energy is a measure of the energy of an object due to position relative to other objects	gold
58	the floor is a kind of object	nongold
59	calculating is similar to estimating	gold
60	instruction is a kind of information	nongold
61	affected means changed	nongold
62	a measurement is a kind of data	gold
63	to measure means to calculate	nongold
64	shelf is a kind of  object	gold
65	height is a measure of length from the top of an object to the bottom of an object	gold
66	organizing is sorting something by their properties in order	nongold
67	gravitational potential energy is a measure of the product of weight and height	gold
68	shelf is a kind of  object	gold
69	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
70	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
71	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
