0	land is a kind of environment	nongold
1	the ocean transfers more heat than the continent	nongold
2	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	gold
3	an island	answer
4	magma is found below the ground	nongold
5	cooling;colder means removing;reducing;decreasing heat;temperature	nongold
6	sea means ocean	nongold
7	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
8	a planet is a kind of location	nongold
9	a volcanic eruption is a kind of change	nongold
10	Earth is a kind of planet	nongold
11	an island	answer
12	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
13	the floor is a kind of object	nongold
14	colder; cooler means lower in temperature	nongold
15	an island is a kind of landform	gold
16	an island is a kind of landform	gold
17	ocean temperatures change slowly	nongold
18	to increase is similar to to create	nongold
19	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	gold
20	a cloud of dust and gas is a kind of feature	nongold
21	a desert is a kind of land feature	nongold
22	an environment is a kind of place	nongold
23	to make means to form	nongold
24	igneous rocks; minerals are formed by magma; lava cooling; crystallizing	nongold
25	the Arctic Ocean is a kind of ocean	nongold
26	a volcano is a kind of geological event	nongold
27	a continent is a kind of large land mass	nongold
28	an island is formed by lava being released; cooling on the ocean floor over time	gold
29	an island is formed by lava being released; cooling on the ocean floor over time	gold
30	a body of water is a kind of land feature	nongold
31	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
32	a body of water is a source of water	nongold
33	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
34	a plateau  is formed by a buildup of cooled lava	nongold
35	to lower means to decrease	nongold
36	state means form	nongold
37	an island	answer
38	oceans cover 70% of the surface of the earth	nongold
39	heating means adding heat	nongold
40	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
41	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
42	high is similar to increase	nongold
43	a cavern is a kind of land form	nongold
44	lava is found above the ground	nongold
45	oceans are located on Earth	nongold
46	an island is a kind of landform	gold
47	the surface of the Earth is made of 70% ocean	nongold
48	feature is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
49	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	gold
50	an ocean contains waves	nongold
51	a mountain is a kind of land feature	nongold
52	an island	answer
53	an island is formed by lava being released; cooling on the ocean floor over time	gold
54	a volcanic eruption is a kind of quick process	nongold
