0	vibrations are a source of sound	gold
1	vibrations are a source of sound	gold
2	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
3	Rossby wave is a kind of ocean wave	nongold
4	vibration is a kind of motion	nongold
5	converting is similar to releasing	nongold
6	crust is similar to surface	nongold
7	They spread in all directions away from their source.	answer
8	an ocean contains waves	nongold
9	expand means spread out	nongold
10	a wave is formed by the vibration of the source spreading around from the source	nongold
11	noise means sound	nongold
12	loud means high in sound energy;sound intensity	nongold
13	wave motion is transferred from the source to matter to produce sound	nongold
14	producing is similar to releasing	nongold
15	vibrations are a source of sound	gold
16	downward is a kind of direction	nongold
17	sound wave is a kind of wave	nongold
18	the crust is a layer of the Earth	nongold
19	distant means far away	nongold
20	They spread in all directions away from their source.	answer
21	They spread in all directions away from their source.	answer
22	tectonic plates being pushed together causes earthquakes	nongold
23	An earthquake in the Earth's crust under the ocean releases sound waves. Which statement accurately describes how the sound waves spread?	question
24	sound travels as longitudinal waves	nongold
25	an earthquake wave is a kind of wave	gold
26	earthquake causes seismic waves	nongold
27	motion is when moves an object; something to a direction	nongold
28	sinking is a kind of downward direction	nongold
29	an earthquake wave is a kind of wave	gold
30	weathering; mechanical weathering means breaking down rocks; surface materials from a larger whole  into smaller pieces by weather	nongold
31	an earthquake wave is a kind of wave	gold
32	sound waves means sound energy	nongold
33	toward is the opposite of away	nongold
34	north; northward is a kind of direction	nongold
35	sound is a kind of air vibration	nongold
36	They spread in all directions away from their source.	answer
37	An earthquake in the Earth's crust under the ocean releases sound waves. Which statement accurately describes how the sound waves spread?	question
38	an earthquake usually occurs over a period of 10 to 30 seconds	nongold
39	toward is a kind of direction	nongold
40	south; southward is a kind of direction	nongold
41	An earthquake in the Earth's crust under the ocean releases sound waves. Which statement accurately describes how the sound waves spread?	question
42	when an earthquake passes from the crust to the mantle ,  the wave of the earthquake changes speed	nongold
43	away is a kind of direction	nongold
44	the movement of crustal plates causes seafloor spreading	nongold
45	sound waves spread in all directions away from their source	gold
46	An example of a transverse wave is an ocean wave	nongold
47	the crust of the Earth is similar to the surface of the Earth	nongold
48	waves travel outward from the source	nongold
49	sound waves spread in all directions away from their source	gold
50	An earthquake in the Earth's crust under the ocean releases sound waves. Which statement accurately describes how the sound waves spread?	question
51	as distance from an object decreases , the the pull of gravity on that object increases	nongold
52	an echo is a kind of sound	nongold
53	distant means great in distance	nongold
54	sound waves spread in all directions away from their source	gold
