0	where something  comes from is a source of that something	nongold
1	oil is a source of energy	nongold
2	a renewable resource is a kind of natural resource	nongold
3	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
4	oil is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
5	wind	answer
6	wind is a source of energy	gold
7	if something is powered by something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
8	a component means a part of	nongold
9	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
10	a nonrenewable resource is limited in supply	nongold
11	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
12	as the use of a resource decreases , the length of time that resource will be available increases	nongold
13	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
14	nonrenewable resources forming occurs over a period of 300000000 years which is considered a  very long time to a human	nongold
15	less means a reduced amount	nongold
16	oil is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
17	wind	answer
18	if something is a raw material then that something comes directly from a source	nongold
19	less is similar to decrease	nongold
20	a component of something means a part of that something	nongold
21	inexhaustible means always available	nongold
22	the amount of something is similar to the availability of something	nongold
23	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
24	fuel supply is a kind of resource	nongold
25	make means produce	nongold
26	wind	answer
27	device means tool	nongold
28	a process is a kind of event	nongold
29	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
30	if something generates energy for something else then that something powers that something else	nongold
31	wind is a source of energy	gold
32	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
33	wind is a source of energy	gold
34	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
35	renewable resources can be used over again	nongold
36	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
37	if something causes an increase in something else then that something produces that something else	nongold
38	if a resource is limited in supply then that resource needs to be replaced	nongold
39	instrument means device	nongold
40	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
41	wind	answer
42	researcher is a kind of scientist	nongold
43	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
44	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
45	emit means produce	nongold
46	a fossil fuel is a kind of natural resource	nongold
47	to cause means to make	nongold
48	generate means produce	nongold
49	wind speed is a property of weather	nongold
50	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
51	as the use of renewable resources use of renewable resources increases , use of nonrenewable resources will decrease	nongold
52	if something requires something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
