0	place means area	nongold
1	a beach is a kind of location	nongold
2	erosion	answer
3	soil erosion means soil loss through wind;water; animals	gold
4	erosion of soil has a  negative impact on the environment; soil quality	nongold
5	sand is insoluble in water	nongold
6	At some places in Florida, sand on the beaches is being reduced. New sand is brought from other areas and spread on the beaches. What process causes this reduction to the beach sand?	question
7	change is a kind of process	nongold
8	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	nongold
9	sand is similar to soil	gold
10	to create means to make	nongold
11	soil erosion is a kind of slow; natural process	gold
12	spreading is a kind of motion	nongold
13	to limit means to decrease	nongold
14	erosion	answer
15	to be a source of something means to cause that something	nongold
16	a body of water is a kind of environment	nongold
17	remove means decrease	nongold
18	soil contains water; humus; weathered rocks; organic matter	nongold
19	At some places in Florida, sand on the beaches is being reduced. New sand is brought from other areas and spread on the beaches. What process causes this reduction to the beach sand?	question
20	soil erosion is when wind; moving water; gravity move soil from fields; environments	gold
21	a beach is a kind of habitat; environment	gold
22	soil erosion is when wind; moving water; gravity move soil from fields; environments	gold
23	sand is a part of a beach	nongold
24	soil erosion means soil loss through wind;water; animals	gold
25	overgrazing increases soil erosion	nongold
26	new means different from the former one	nongold
27	sand has a rough surface	nongold
28	a beach is usually part of an island	nongold
29	At some places in Florida, sand on the beaches is being reduced. New sand is brought from other areas and spread on the beaches. What process causes this reduction to the beach sand?	question
30	a process is a kind of event	nongold
31	soil is usually part of an environment	nongold
32	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
33	soil erosion is a kind of event	nongold
34	soil erosion is a kind of slow; natural process	gold
35	to cause means to make	nongold
36	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	nongold
37	bringing is a kind of action	nongold
38	erosion is a kind of change	nongold
39	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
40	the formation of something is a kind of process	nongold
41	soil erosion is a kind of slow; natural process	gold
42	sand is insoluble in water	nongold
43	soil erosion means soil loss through wind;water; animals	gold
44	creating is similar to causing	nongold
45	At some places in Florida, sand on the beaches is being reduced. New sand is brought from other areas and spread on the beaches. What process causes this reduction to the beach sand?	question
46	loss means reduction	gold
47	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
48	to cause something means to contribute to that something happening	nongold
49	a process usually requires all of the stages in that process	nongold
50	a beach is a kind of habitat; environment	gold
51	erosion	answer
52	loss means reduction	gold
53	the surface of a beach is formed by mechanical weathering	nongold
54	loss means reduction	gold
55	less means a reduced amount	nongold
56	soil erosion is when wind; moving water; gravity move soil from fields; environments	gold
57	sand is similar to soil	gold
58	being exposed to wind; water; animals; heat can cause erosion of soil; of rocks	nongold
59	a beach is a kind of habitat; environment	gold
60	sand is similar to soil	gold
61	erosion	answer
62	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
