0	elliptical is a kind of shape	gold
1	made up of means contains; made of	nongold
2	stay the same means not changing	nongold
3	planets in the solar system orbit the Sun	gold
4	similarity means the same property	nongold
5	form means kind	nongold
6	a elliptical galaxy is a kind of galaxy	nongold
7	Neptune is a kind of planet in the solar system	nongold
8	When studying planetary data, Jackie found some similarities and differences among the planets that make up the solar system. Which generalization is true about the orbits of the major planets in the solar system?	question
9	according to is similar to be determined by	nongold
10	Mars is a kind of planet	nongold
11	round means circular in shape	nongold
12	if an object orbits a celestial object then that object is probably a celestial object as well	nongold
13	system is similar to structure	nongold
14	structure is similar to shape	nongold
15	to be made of means to consist of	nongold
16	galaxies can be classified  by shape	nongold
17	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
18	irregular is a kind of shape	nongold
19	the solar system is a kind of system	nongold
20	to convert means to change	nongold
21	high is similar to increase	nongold
22	When studying planetary data, Jackie found some similarities and differences among the planets that make up the solar system. Which generalization is true about the orbits of the major planets in the solar system?	question
23	elliptical is a kind of shape	gold
24	elliptical is a kind of shape	gold
25	if something is definite in shape then that something will not change shape easily	nongold
26	When studying planetary data, Jackie found some similarities and differences among the planets that make up the solar system. Which generalization is true about the orbits of the major planets in the solar system?	question
27	revolving  around something means orbiting that something	nongold
28	astronomy is the study of celestial (objects, bodies)	nongold
29	planets orbit stars	nongold
30	variable means able to change	nongold
31	planetary orbits are mostly elliptical	gold
32	to vary means to change	nongold
33	Planetary orbits are mostly elliptical in shape.	answer
34	shape is a kind of characteristic	nongold
35	resemble means similar characteristics	nongold
36	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
37	approximately means about	nongold
38	When studying planetary data, Jackie found some similarities and differences among the planets that make up the solar system. Which generalization is true about the orbits of the major planets in the solar system?	question
39	Planetary orbits are mostly elliptical in shape.	answer
40	planets in the solar system orbit the Sun	gold
41	shape is a kind of physical property	nongold
42	a planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet	nongold
43	gravity causes orbits	nongold
44	if two objects are similar , then the two objects share properties	nongold
45	planetary orbits are mostly elliptical	gold
46	planetary orbits are mostly elliptical	gold
47	Earth is a kind of planet	nongold
48	orbit means orbital path	nongold
49	planets in the solar system orbit the Sun	gold
50	a dwarf planet is usually much smaller in size; in mass than other planets	nongold
51	distance is a property of space and includes ordered values of close; far	nongold
52	Planetary orbits are mostly elliptical in shape.	answer
53	Planetary orbits are mostly elliptical in shape.	answer
