0	to remain means to stay the same	nongold
1	left in the sun means exposed to the sun	nongold
2	to place in is similar to to move to	nongold
3	to protect means to make safe	nongold
4	heat means heat energy	nongold
5	lowest means least in value; amount; number	nongold
6	covering something is a kind of protection	nongold
7	lighting a candle causes that candle to burn	gold
8	lighting a candle causes that candle to burn	gold
9	if something is left out in the open then that something is exposed to oxygen	gold
10	the candle left out in the open	answer
11	light can travel through a vacuum	nongold
12	left out of means moved from	nongold
13	a measure of time is a length of time	nongold
14	the candle left out in the open	answer
15	low is similar to decrease	nongold
16	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
17	keeping means staying	nongold
18	space is a vacuum	nongold
19	to keep something occurring means to cause that something to occur	nongold
20	stay the same means not changing	nongold
21	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
22	a device is a kind of object	nongold
23	to lower means to decrease	nongold
24	live is similar to stay	nongold
25	if something is left out in the open then that something is exposed to oxygen	gold
26	if the surface of an object contains something then that object is covered with that something	nongold
27	lighting a candle causes that candle to burn	gold
28	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
29	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
30	the candle left out in the open	answer
31	motionless means staying in the same place	nongold
32	leaving is a kind of movement	nongold
33	size; amount of space means volume	nongold
34	increase means more	nongold
35	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
36	if an object is placed in a liquid , then the  increased volume of the liquid will be equal to the volume of that object	nongold
37	if a container contains something then that container touches that something	nongold
38	leaving something undisturbed means not changing that something	nongold
39	shortest means least; smallest in length	nongold
40	dark means a low amount of light	nongold
41	the candle left out in the open	answer
42	fewest means lowest; least in number	nongold
43	amount of daylight means length of daylight	nongold
44	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
45	the length of time of a substance burning can be used to measure the amount of the chemical energy in the substance	nongold
46	a candle is a kind of object	nongold
47	how long something takes is a kind of measurement of time	nongold
48	shorter means decreased length	nongold
49	if something is left out in the open then that something is exposed to oxygen	gold
