0	water is a kind of substance	nongold
1	a description sometimes provides information	nongold
2	to disperse means to separate	nongold
3	an object is made of its parts	nongold
4	One substance can be separated from the other.	answer
5	apart means away	nongold
6	evaporation is allowing a liquid  to evaporate to separate any solid that was mixed with it	nongold
7	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
8	four is a kind of number	nongold
9	Sarah's class is learning about mixtures and solutions. Her teacher writes four statements on the board. Which statement best describes a mixture?	question
10	a classroom is a kind of a room	nongold
11	if two substances together form a mixture then those substances can be separated from one another by physical changes	gold
12	One substance can be separated from the other.	answer
13	the properties of something are used for describing that something	nongold
14	One substance can be separated from the other.	answer
15	Sarah's class is learning about mixtures and solutions. Her teacher writes four statements on the board. Which statement best describes a mixture?	question
16	pulling away is similar to separating	nongold
17	gas is a kind of state of matter	nongold
18	combining; mixing two substances chemically causes chemical reactions	nongold
19	a board is a kind of object	nongold
20	break apart means break down	nongold
21	apart is the opposite of together	nongold
22	Sarah's class is learning about mixtures and solutions. Her teacher writes four statements on the board. Which statement best describes a mixture?	question
23	separate is similar to break down	nongold
24	if two substances together form a mixture then those substances can be separated from one another by physical changes	gold
25	something's function can be used to describe; identify that something	nongold
26	if two substances together form a mixture then those substances can be separated from one another by physical changes	gold
27	to decompose means to separate	nongold
28	One substance can be separated from the other.	answer
29	particles in objects are a kind of matter	nongold
30	composition means the (materials, substances) of which something is composed	nongold
31	a mixture of solids can be easily separated	nongold
32	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
33	a table is a kind of object	nongold
34	a solution is made of one substance dissolved in another substance	nongold
35	if a material; a substance is a mixture of two or more materials or substances then that material; substance is made; is formed; contains those materials; substances	nongold
36	a product is a kind of object	nongold
37	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
38	Sarah's class is learning about mixtures and solutions. Her teacher writes four statements on the board. Which statement best describes a mixture?	question
39	gas is a kind of substance	nongold
40	water is a kind of object	nongold
41	chemical reactions cause new substances; different substances to form	nongold
42	to add means to increase	nongold
43	contents means the substance in a container	nongold
44	evaporation can be used for separating a mixture of a liquid and a solid	nongold
45	evaporation; boiling can be used for separating a solution by allowing the solvent to evaporate	nongold
46	if two things are made from the same objects; material then those two things are similar	nongold
47	if something is made of something else then that something can be broken down into that something else	nongold
48	a surface is a part of a material	nongold
