0	The acorns will have a chance to sprout.	answer
1	plants are the source of fruit	nongold
2	a leaf is a part of a  green plant	nongold
3	seeds may sprout when buried in soil	gold
4	as the number of pollinators attracted to a flower; a plant increases , the ability of that flower; of that plant to reproduce will increase	nongold
5	Some animals, such as squirrels, may bury acorns. Which of the following is most likely to happen to the acorns after they have been buried?	question
6	dying is the opposite of living; surviving	nongold
7	The acorns will have a chance to sprout.	answer
8	to happen means to occur	nongold
9	a mammal is a kind of animal	nongold
10	seeds may sprout when buried in soil	gold
11	a fruit is a kind of object	nongold
12	may happen means having a chance of happening	gold
13	fruit contains seeds	nongold
14	The acorns will have a chance to sprout.	answer
15	plant requires seed dispersal for reproduction	nongold
16	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
17	some flowers become fruits	nongold
18	roots are a part of a plant; tree	nongold
19	a plant requires soil for survival; to grow	nongold
20	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
21	developing means growing	nongold
22	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
23	seed dispersal is when the seeds of a plant are moved; are carried; are spread; are dropped; from the parent plant to another area	nongold
24	seed dispersal is when the seeds of a plant are moved from the plant to  a new environment	nongold
25	fruit is a part of a plant; tree	nongold
26	a plants; living things require water for survival; to grow	nongold
27	Some animals, such as squirrels, may bury acorns. Which of the following is most likely to happen to the acorns after they have been buried?	question
28	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
29	an acorn is a kind of seed	gold
30	an acorn is a kind of seed	gold
31	fruit is  usually a solid	nongold
32	if seeds stick to the fur of an animal then that seed will be transported by the animal	nongold
33	an acorn is a kind of seed	gold
34	living things can all reproduce	nongold
35	seed dispersal has a positive impact on a plant; a plant's reproduction	nongold
36	a fungus is a kind of living thing	nongold
37	an event is a kind of action	nongold
38	pollination requires pollinators; pollinating animals	nongold
39	an adaptation; an ability has a positive impact on an animal's; living thing's survival; health; ability to reproduce	nongold
40	Some animals, such as squirrels, may bury acorns. Which of the following is most likely to happen to the acorns after they have been buried?	question
41	seeds may sprout when buried in soil	gold
42	a berry is a kind of fruit	nongold
43	seeds sprouting causes plants to grow	nongold
44	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
45	a shrub is a kind of plant	nongold
46	The acorns will have a chance to sprout.	answer
47	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
48	may happen means having a chance of happening	gold
49	a gourd is a kind of fruit	nongold
50	a seed is a part of a plant	nongold
51	if a plant sprouts from a seed then that plant is born	nongold
52	may happen means having a chance of happening	gold
53	a seedling is a kind of young plant	nongold
54	Some animals, such as squirrels, may bury acorns. Which of the following is most likely to happen to the acorns after they have been buried?	question
