0	taller means greater in height; size	nongold
1	greatest means largest; highest; most amount of something	nongold
2	height is a kind of position	nongold
3	a hill is more rounded than a mountain	nongold
4	land is a kind of landform	nongold
5	a mountain range contains mountains	nongold
6	a mountain is made of rocks; soil	nongold
7	a mountain; hill is taller than the land around it	gold
8	an object is made of its parts	nongold
9	slope is a measure of the difference in elevation between one part of the land and another part of the land	nongold
10	A mountain range has hills around its edges. How are the mountains and hills alike?	question
11	a mountain; hill is taller than the land around it	gold
12	growing is when an animal's height;mass;size increase	nongold
13	to lower means to decrease	nongold
14	Both are taller than the land around them.	answer
15	a structure is a kind of feature	nongold
16	Both are taller than the land around them.	answer
17	growing means a plant's height;mass;size increase	nongold
18	A mountain range has hills around its edges. How are the mountains and hills alike?	question
19	height is a property of the size of an object	nongold
20	a mountain; hill is taller than the land around it	gold
21	a hill is a kind of incline	nongold
22	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	nongold
23	A mountain range has hills around its edges. How are the mountains and hills alike?	question
24	a land feature is a kind of physical characteristic	nongold
25	stay the same means not changing	nongold
26	both means two	nongold
27	increase means more	nongold
28	a landform is a kind of object	nongold
29	a structure of something is synonymous with a part of that something	nongold
30	Both are taller than the land around them.	answer
31	mountain area means mountain range	nongold
32	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
33	opposite is a kind of different	nongold
34	as distance from an object decreases , that object will appear larger	nongold
35	A mountain range has hills around its edges. How are the mountains and hills alike?	question
36	can be means able to be	nongold
37	higher means greater; above in value; amount; number	nongold
38	similarity means the same property	nongold
39	shorter means smaller; less in  height	nongold
40	low means down	nongold
41	a hill is a kind of place	nongold
42	being around something means surrounding  that something	nongold
43	a landform is a kind of natural formation	nongold
44	Both are taller than the land around them.	answer
45	distance is a property of space and includes ordered values of close; far	nongold
46	identical is the opposite of different	nongold
47	if two objects are similar , then the two objects share properties	nongold
48	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
49	lower means less	nongold
