0	cooling;colder means removing;reducing;decreasing heat;temperature	nongold
1	accumulation means increase	nongold
2	irrigation is a kind of practice	gold
3	causing is a kind of affecting	nongold
4	to change means to have an effect	nongold
5	if there is a loss of something then that something decreases	nongold
6	crops are a kind of edible plant for eating	nongold
7	farming is when a human plants crops for food	nongold
8	as the use of something decreases , the use of the source of that something will decrease	nongold
9	high is similar to increase	nongold
10	if something has a positive impact on something else then increasing the amount of that something has a positive impact on that something else	nongold
11	It decreased the volume of the lake.	answer
12	pollution is a kind of environmental problem	nongold
13	to impact means to affect	nongold
14	planting crops requires growing crops	nongold
15	flooding is a kind of change	nongold
16	damage has a negative impact on a thing	nongold
17	water is a kind of natural resource	gold
18	to lower means to decrease	nongold
19	A lake has been used for more than a century to irrigate crops. How has this practice most likely affected this resource?	question
20	irrigation is a kind of practice	gold
21	freshwater is a kind of water	nongold
22	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
23	A lake has been used for more than a century to irrigate crops. How has this practice most likely affected this resource?	question
24	A lake has been used for more than a century to irrigate crops. How has this practice most likely affected this resource?	question
25	a lake is a kind of body of water	gold
26	impact means effect	nongold
27	to limit means to decrease	nongold
28	pollution has a negative impact on the environment; air quality; water quality; society	nongold
29	a natural resource is a kind of environmental factor	nongold
30	irrigation causes water levels to decrease	gold
31	lakes are formed by precipitation and runoff	nongold
32	A lake has been used for more than a century to irrigate crops. How has this practice most likely affected this resource?	question
33	adverse effect means negative impact	nongold
34	a lake is a kind of body of water	gold
35	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
36	humans cause pollution	nongold
37	crops growing well has a positive impact on a farmer's livelihood	nongold
38	food is a kind of resource	nongold
39	It decreased the volume of the lake.	answer
40	an environment means an area	nongold
41	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
42	water is a kind of natural resource	gold
43	It decreased the volume of the lake.	answer
44	irrigation is a kind of practice	gold
45	crops grow in soil	nongold
46	humans changing ecosystems;environments usually has a  negative impact on an ecosystem; organisms living in an ecosystem	nongold
47	irrigation requires water use	gold
48	a body of water contains water	nongold
49	irrigation causes water levels to decrease	gold
50	a body of water is a source of water	nongold
51	a lake is a kind of body of water	gold
52	less means a reduced amount	nongold
53	irrigation causes water levels to decrease	gold
54	if something releases something else then that something else decreases in that something	nongold
55	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
56	water is a kind of natural resource	gold
57	irrigation depletes nutrients in the soil	nongold
58	irrigation requires water use	gold
59	irrigation requires water use	gold
60	It decreased the volume of the lake.	answer
