0	Helen is preparing a presentation about objects in the solar system. She includes facts about the order of the planets and their distances from the Sun. Which statement could she include in an accurate presentation?	question
1	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	gold
2	if an object; a substance makes something then that object; that substance is a source of that thing	nongold
3	astronomical unit is a measure of distance between Earth and the Sun	gold
4	Helen is preparing a presentation about objects in the solar system. She includes facts about the order of the planets and their distances from the Sun. Which statement could she include in an accurate presentation?	question
5	astronomical unit is a measure of distance between Earth and the Sun	gold
6	Helen is preparing a presentation about objects in the solar system. She includes facts about the order of the planets and their distances from the Sun. Which statement could she include in an accurate presentation?	question
7	not is similar to the opposite of	nongold
8	astronomical body means celestial body	nongold
9	information is used to describe something	nongold
10	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
11	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	gold
12	the Sun is a kind of star	gold
13	a scientific inference is a kind of explanation based on facts that is not a direct observation	nongold
14	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	gold
15	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	nongold
16	Earth is one astronomical unit from the Sun.	answer
17	system means a set of objects	nongold
18	Earth is a kind of planet	gold
19	movements of celestial bodies are a kind of event	nongold
20	Earth is the planet that is third closest to the  Sun	nongold
21	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	nongold
22	the Sun is a kind of star	gold
23	a light-year is used for describing long distances	nongold
24	setting is a kind of motion	nongold
25	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	gold
26	astronomical unit is a measure of distance between Earth and the Sun	gold
27	sunlight means solar energy	nongold
28	the solar system is a kind of system	nongold
29	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
30	can be means able to be	nongold
31	a planet is a kind of place	nongold
32	an object; material; substance comes from that object or material's source	nongold
33	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
34	a part of a process means a stage in a process	nongold
35	the Sun is a kind of star	gold
36	to show means to present	nongold
37	a unit for measuring time is a kind of time interval	nongold
38	planets in the solar system orbit the Sun	nongold
39	the Earth revolves around the sun	nongold
40	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	gold
41	an event is a kind of action	nongold
42	planets have cleared their orbits	nongold
43	Earth is one astronomical unit from the Sun.	answer
44	where something  comes from is a source of that something	nongold
45	a description sometimes provides information	nongold
46	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
47	Earth is one astronomical unit from the Sun.	answer
48	the sun  is the source of energy for physical cycles on Earth	nongold
49	Mars is a kind of planet	nongold
50	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
51	length of time means period of time	nongold
52	Earth is a kind of planet	gold
53	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	gold
54	a component means a part of	nongold
55	Earth is one astronomical unit from the Sun.	answer
56	light years ( ly ) are a  astronomy unit used for measuring length; distance generally used for values between 1.0 and 27000000000.0	nongold
57	sunlight is a kind of light	nongold
58	distant means great in distance	nongold
59	Earth is a kind of planet	gold
60	Helen is preparing a presentation about objects in the solar system. She includes facts about the order of the planets and their distances from the Sun. Which statement could she include in an accurate presentation?	question
