0	water is a kind of matter	nongold
1	to increase is similar to to create	nongold
2	a pond is a kind of body of water	nongold
3	a landform is a kind of object	nongold
4	a student is a kind of human	nongold
5	energy.	answer
6	a toy boat is a kind of object	gold
7	heat is a kind of energy	nongold
8	water is a kind of substance	nongold
9	all waves transfer; transmit energy from one place to another	gold
10	waves contain mechanical energy	gold
11	A student is playing with a small toy boat on a pond. The student throws a rock in the pond. This creates waves that move the boat toward the shore. The boat moves toward the shore because the waves transfer	question
12	changes potential energy into kinetic energy through motion	nongold
13	moving changes potential energy; stored energy into kinetic energy and heat energy	nongold
14	waves contain mechanical energy	gold
15	waves can travel through matter	nongold
16	creating is similar to causing	nongold
17	energy.	answer
18	creating means making	nongold
19	to create means to make	nongold
20	An example of playing with toys is jumping to catch a ball	nongold
21	a pond is smaller; shallower than a lake	nongold
22	a shore is the land found at the edge of a body of water	nongold
23	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	nongold
24	pulling is a kind of motion	nongold
25	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
26	a surface is a kind of object	nongold
27	to produce means to create	nongold
28	a pond is a kind of environment	nongold
29	waves contain mechanical energy	gold
30	energy.	answer
31	force causes the speed of an object to increase; to decrease	nongold
32	wave motion is transferred from the source to matter to produce sound	nongold
33	all waves transfer; transmit energy from one place to another	gold
34	A student is playing with a small toy boat on a pond. The student throws a rock in the pond. This creates waves that move the boat toward the shore. The boat moves toward the shore because the waves transfer	question
35	to send means to transfer	nongold
36	as an object moves faster , the kinetic energy of that object will increase	nongold
37	energy.	answer
38	waves travel outward from the source	nongold
39	a person is a kind of animal	nongold
40	A student is playing with a small toy boat on a pond. The student throws a rock in the pond. This creates waves that move the boat toward the shore. The boat moves toward the shore because the waves transfer	question
41	motion is when moves an object; something to a direction	nongold
42	a surface is a part of an object	nongold
43	a force acting on an object in the opposite direction that the object is moving can cause that object's speed to decrease in a forward motion	nongold
44	an ocean is a kind of body of water	nongold
45	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
46	water is a kind of object	nongold
47	far means great in distance	nongold
48	an aquatic animal is a kind of animal	nongold
49	A student is playing with a small toy boat on a pond. The student throws a rock in the pond. This creates waves that move the boat toward the shore. The boat moves toward the shore because the waves transfer	question
50	all waves transfer; transmit energy from one place to another	gold
51	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
52	a toy boat is a kind of object	gold
53	a toy boat is a kind of object	gold
54	absorbance is when a wave absorbs at; stops at a surface	nongold
