0	small stars burn for billions of years	nongold
1	pulling away is similar to separating	nongold
2	the Sun is a kind of star	gold
3	the Sun is a kind of star	gold
4	Gravity pulls Uranus toward the Sun.	answer
5	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
6	Uranus is one of the outer planets of the solar system. The average distance of Uranus from the Sun is 2.87 billion kilometers. Which best explains why Uranus revolves in its orbit instead of moving out into space?	question
7	toward is the opposite of away	nongold
8	Uranus is one of the outer planets of the solar system. The average distance of Uranus from the Sun is 2.87 billion kilometers. Which best explains why Uranus revolves in its orbit instead of moving out into space?	question
9	revolving  around something means orbiting that something	gold
10	rotating is similar to moving	nongold
11	something that happens is a kind of event	nongold
12	distance is a property of space and includes ordered values of close; far	nongold
13	revolving is a kind of motion	nongold
14	Uranus is a kind of planet	gold
15	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
16	gravity;gravitational force causes objects that have mass; substances to be pulled down; to fall on a planet	nongold
17	the four planets farthest from the sun are made of gas	nongold
18	the mass of a planet causes the pull of gravity on that planet	nongold
19	celestial bodies; celestial objects are found in space	nongold
20	pull is similar to attract	nongold
21	a force continually acting on an object in the same direction that the object is moving can cause that object's speed to increase in a forward motion	nongold
22	furthest; farthest means greatest; most; highest in distance	nongold
23	planets orbit stars	gold
24	planets are found in space	nongold
25	far means great in distance	nongold
26	rotate means turn	nongold
27	Gravity pulls Uranus toward the Sun.	answer
28	all planets orbit the sun in the same direction	nongold
29	motion is when moves an object; something to a direction	nongold
30	to move toward means to move nearer	nongold
31	movement is a kind of change	nongold
32	gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction	gold
33	spin means rotate	nongold
34	Gravity pulls Uranus toward the Sun.	answer
35	gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction	gold
36	close means low in distance	nongold
37	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
38	low means down	nongold
39	planets orbit stars	gold
40	orbiting is a kind of action	nongold
41	gravity causes orbits	gold
42	planets orbit stars	gold
43	Uranus is a kind of planet	gold
44	a pull is a kind of force	nongold
45	the sun is the strongest source of gravity in the solar system	nongold
46	pushing something can cause that something  to move	nongold
47	the Sun is a kind of star	gold
48	to lift means to move up	nongold
49	revolving  around something means orbiting that something	gold
50	the sun rises in the east	nongold
51	rotation is a kind of motion	nongold
52	gas is a kind of object	nongold
53	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
54	gravity causes orbits	gold
55	revolving  around something means orbiting that something	gold
56	speed is a measure of how fast an object is moving	nongold
57	Gravity pulls Uranus toward the Sun.	answer
58	Uranus is one of the outer planets of the solar system. The average distance of Uranus from the Sun is 2.87 billion kilometers. Which best explains why Uranus revolves in its orbit instead of moving out into space?	question
59	gravity causes orbits	gold
60	Uranus is one of the outer planets of the solar system. The average distance of Uranus from the Sun is 2.87 billion kilometers. Which best explains why Uranus revolves in its orbit instead of moving out into space?	question
61	Uranus is a kind of planet	gold
62	gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction	gold
