0	an earthquake usually occurs over a period of 10 to 30 seconds	nongold
1	earthquakes folding rock layers causes older rock to be on top of younger rock	gold
2	decomposing is similar to separating	nongold
3	Earthquake activity folded the rock layers.	answer
4	earthquakes folding rock layers causes older rock to be on top of younger rock	gold
5	shaking is a kind of motion	nongold
6	rock means stone	nongold
7	extreme means very high in value	nongold
8	a sheet of is similar to a piece of	nongold
9	intense means high in intensity	nongold
10	a volcanic eruption is a kind of change	nongold
11	weathering; erosion usually occurs over a period of many years	nongold
12	In studying layers of rock sediment, a geologist found an area where older rock was layered on top of younger rock. Which best explains how this occurred?	question
13	to cause something means to contribute to that something happening	nongold
14	sedimentary rocks are formed by deposition; cementation	nongold
15	younger rock is usually located under older rock	gold
16	an environment means an area	nongold
17	In studying layers of rock sediment, a geologist found an area where older rock was layered on top of younger rock. Which best explains how this occurred?	question
18	occur is similar to appear	nongold
19	faulting of rock in Earth's crust causes earthquakes	nongold
20	earthquakes folding rock layers causes older rock to be on top of younger rock	gold
21	to cause the formation of means to form	nongold
22	earthquakes cause rock layers to fold on top of each other	gold
23	no longer means used to be	nongold
24	tectonic plates colliding causes older layers of rock to be located above newer layers of rock	nongold
25	crustal plate means tectonic plate	nongold
26	if something is insoluble in something , then they will remain separated	nongold
27	bedrock is a kind of rock	nongold
28	Earthquake activity folded the rock layers.	answer
29	intense means extreme	nongold
30	to pass means to occur	nongold
31	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
32	In studying layers of rock sediment, a geologist found an area where older rock was layered on top of younger rock. Which best explains how this occurred?	question
33	action means activity	nongold
34	igneous intrusion is a kind of geologic process	nongold
35	sediment is formed by weathering	nongold
36	Earthquake activity folded the rock layers.	answer
37	a cycle happens; occurs repeatedly	nongold
38	earthquakes cause rock layers to fold on top of each other	gold
39	composed of means made of	nongold
40	rest is a kind of activity	nongold
41	sedimentary is a kind of rock	nongold
42	a change is a kind of event	nongold
43	earthquakes cause rock layers to fold on top of each other	gold
44	the crust is a layer of the Earth	nongold
45	younger rock is usually located under older rock	gold
46	Earthquake activity folded the rock layers.	answer
47	younger rock is usually located under older rock	gold
48	the ground is at the bottom of an area	nongold
49	sediment is a kind of matter	nongold
50	In studying layers of rock sediment, a geologist found an area where older rock was layered on top of younger rock. Which best explains how this occurred?	question
51	weathering; mechanical weathering means breaking down rocks; surface materials from a larger whole  into smaller pieces by weather	nongold
52	if something is caused by something else , then that something can be explained by that something else	nongold
53	class is a property of a rock and includes values of sedimentary; metamorphic; igneous	nongold
54	to split means to break down	nongold
