0	a required resource being low in availability has a negative impact on the something  that requires that resource	nongold
1	wind is a source of energy	gold
2	resources becoming available has a positive impact on the things that need those resources	nongold
3	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
4	developing means creating; inventing	nongold
5	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
6	wind is a source of energy	gold
7	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
8	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
9	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
10	wind direction is a property of weather	nongold
11	providing something means making;delivering something	nongold
12	as a system; a device grows old , that system; device will use more energy	nongold
13	coal is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
14	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
15	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
16	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
17	to provide something means to be the source of that something	nongold
18	wind   is a kind of airflow	nongold
19	wind is a source of energy	gold
20	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
21	wind	answer
22	instrument means device	nongold
23	if something is a raw material in a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
24	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
25	electrical energy is a kind of energy	nongold
26	wind	answer
27	to provide means to supply	nongold
28	if something is required for a process then that something positively impacts that process	nongold
29	wind	answer
30	an event is a kind of action	nongold
31	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
32	oil is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
33	fossil fuels are a kind of energy resource	nongold
34	oil is a kind of energy resource	nongold
35	make means produce	nongold
36	using less of a resource increases the availability of that resource	nongold
37	as the use of a resource decreases , the length of time that resource will be available increases	nongold
38	petroleum is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
39	less is similar to decrease	nongold
40	a wind turbine is a kind of windmill	nongold
41	coal is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
42	nonrenewable resources forming occurs over a period of 300000000 years which is considered a  very long time to a human	nongold
43	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
44	wind	answer
45	if something releases something else then that something is the source of that something else	nongold
46	if a resource is limited in supply then that resource will run out	nongold
47	a nonrenewable resource is limited in supply	nongold
48	a process is a kind of event	nongold
49	if something generates energy for something else then that something powers that something else	nongold
50	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
51	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
52	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
53	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	nongold
