0	a nonrenewable resource is limited in supply	gold
1	resources becoming available has a positive impact on the things that need those resources	gold
2	less is the opposite of more	nongold
3	requiring something means needing that something	nongold
4	as use of public transportation increases , the use of automobiles decreases	nongold
5	becoming is similar to changing	nongold
6	Nonrenewable fuel supplies are limited.	answer
7	if something has a positive impact on something else then that something is important to that something else	gold
8	if something requires something else then that something else is important to that something	nongold
9	a nonrenewable resource is limited in supply	gold
10	requiring too much of a resource has a negative impact on the availiability of that resource	nongold
11	renewable resources are often available for many years	nongold
12	if something does not have to be replaced for a long time then that something will save money	nongold
13	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
14	high is similar to increase	nongold
15	Some of the new cars being made can run on a renewable fuel that is made mostly from corn. Scientists are developing even more renewable fuels to replace gasoline. Why are renewable fuels most likely becoming more important?	question
16	if a resource is not replaced then the resource has low availability	nongold
17	ethanol sometimes is made of corn	nongold
18	as the use of a resource decreases , the length of time that resource will be available increases	gold
19	fuel supply is a kind of resource	gold
20	Some of the new cars being made can run on a renewable fuel that is made mostly from corn. Scientists are developing even more renewable fuels to replace gasoline. Why are renewable fuels most likely becoming more important?	question
21	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
22	fuel supply is a kind of resource	gold
23	less means a reduced amount	nongold
24	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
25	largest amount means most	nongold
26	fossil fuels are a nonrenewable resource	nongold
27	resources becoming available has a positive impact on the things that need those resources	gold
28	a supply of something is a source of that something	nongold
29	as the use of a resource decreases , the length of time that resource will be available increases	gold
30	as the use of renewable resources use of renewable resources increases , use of nonrenewable resources will decrease	gold
31	a renewable resource can be replaced	nongold
32	Some of the new cars being made can run on a renewable fuel that is made mostly from corn. Scientists are developing even more renewable fuels to replace gasoline. Why are renewable fuels most likely becoming more important?	question
33	if a resource is limited in supply then that resource needs to be replaced	nongold
34	Some of the new cars being made can run on a renewable fuel that is made mostly from corn. Scientists are developing even more renewable fuels to replace gasoline. Why are renewable fuels most likely becoming more important?	question
35	an automobile is a kind of vehicle	nongold
36	a nonrenewable resource is limited in supply	gold
37	renewable is the opposite of nonrenewable	nongold
38	the supply of an inexhaustible resource does not change over a long period of time	nongold
39	if something has a positive impact on something else then that something is important to that something else	gold
40	fuel efficient means uses less fuel	nongold
41	to be dependent on something means to depend on that something	nongold
42	resources becoming available has a positive impact on the things that need those resources	gold
43	essential means required	nongold
44	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
45	as the use of renewable resources use of renewable resources increases , use of nonrenewable resources will decrease	gold
46	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
47	Nonrenewable fuel supplies are limited.	answer
48	replacement means something that is replaced	nongold
49	corn is a kind of seed	nongold
50	a car is a kind of automobile	nongold
51	as the use of renewable resources use of renewable resources increases , use of nonrenewable resources will decrease	gold
52	oil is a source of gasoline	nongold
53	if something has a positive impact on something else then that something is important to that something else	gold
54	needing something means depending on that something	nongold
55	Nonrenewable fuel supplies are limited.	answer
56	Nonrenewable fuel supplies are limited.	answer
57	as the use of a resource decreases , the length of time that resource will be available increases	gold
58	low is similar to decrease	nongold
59	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
60	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
61	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	nongold
62	fuel supply is a kind of resource	gold
