0	planets orbit stars	nongold
1	Earth's tilt on its rotating axis causes seasons to change; to occur	gold
2	the sun is the source of solar energy called sunlight	nongold
3	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
4	cooler means colder	nongold
5	the Earth revolving around the Sun causes the seasons to change; to occur on its axis	gold
6	yearly means every year	nongold
7	summer is when a hemisphere is tilted towards the sun	nongold
8	a moon is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
9	Earth revolves around the Sun.	answer
10	sunlight is a kind of light	nongold
11	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
12	the Earth revolving around the Sun causes the seasons to change; to occur on its axis	gold
13	winter is a kind of season	nongold
14	Earth revolves around the Sun.	answer
15	less means a reduced amount	nongold
16	seasonal changes are made in response to changes in the environment	nongold
17	the amount of daylight is greatest in the summer	nongold
18	sunshine means sunlight	nongold
19	Felicia noticed how air temperatures were cooler and there were fewer hours of daylight during some of the seasons. Which of the following contributes to these seasonal changes?	question
20	the Earth revolves around the sun	gold
21	each season occurs once per year	nongold
22	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
23	less is similar to decrease	nongold
24	the Earth revolving around the Sun causes the seasons to change; to occur on its axis	gold
25	a revolution occurs when something revolves around something else	nongold
26	Earth revolves around the Sun.	answer
27	the moon orbits the Earth	nongold
28	daylight means sunlight	nongold
29	when the season changes , the amount of daylight will change	nongold
30	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
31	Earth's rotation causes time zones	nongold
32	Felicia noticed how air temperatures were cooler and there were fewer hours of daylight during some of the seasons. Which of the following contributes to these seasonal changes?	question
33	Earth's tilt on its rotating axis causes seasons to change; to occur	gold
34	a rotation of the moon takes 1; one month	nongold
35	a component of something means a part of that something	nongold
36	Felicia noticed how air temperatures were cooler and there were fewer hours of daylight during some of the seasons. Which of the following contributes to these seasonal changes?	question
37	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
38	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
39	orbit means orbital path	nongold
40	the Earth being tilted on its axis causes one side of the Earth; one hemisphere to receive less energy from the Sun than the other side	nongold
41	Felicia noticed how air temperatures were cooler and there were fewer hours of daylight during some of the seasons. Which of the following contributes to these seasonal changes?	question
42	the Earth revolves around the sun	gold
43	setting is a kind of motion	nongold
44	Earth orbiting the Sun causes seasons to change	nongold
45	the sun rising and setting causes cycles of day and night	nongold
46	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
47	a half of Earth is a hemisphere of Earth	nongold
48	the amount of daylight is greatest on the summer solstice	nongold
49	season is a major yearly temperature change	nongold
50	Earth revolves around the Sun.	answer
51	Earth's tilt on its rotating axis causes seasons to change; to occur	gold
52	Earth's revolution is a kind of cycle	nongold
53	the Earth revolves around the sun	gold
