0	the sunlight occurs during the day	nongold
1	as distance from a source of something increases , that something will decrease	nongold
2	Jupiter is the planet that is fifth closest to the Sun	gold
3	Earth is a planet that is closer to the  Sun than Jupiter	nongold
4	Venus is a kind of planet	gold
5	can be means able to be	nongold
6	observe means see	nongold
7	the asteroid belt is located between Mars and Jupiter	nongold
8	brighter means higher; greater in brightness	nongold
9	Saturn is a kind of planet	gold
10	It reflects the most sunlight toward Earth.	answer
11	Jupiter is a kind of planet	gold
12	Venus reflects more sunlight toward Earth than other planets	gold
13	Jupiter is the planet that is fifth closest to the Sun	gold
14	a star is usually larger than a planet	nongold
15	Saturn is the planet that is sixth closest to the Sun	gold
16	planets reflect the light of the sun	gold
17	eyes are a part of a human for seeing	nongold
18	Jupiter is a kind of planet	gold
19	as distance from an object decreases , that object will appear larger	nongold
20	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
21	Mars is a kind of planet	gold
22	if something is outside during the day , then that something will reflect enough light to be seen	nongold
23	less is similar to decrease	nongold
24	Venus has moon-like phases	nongold
25	less means a reduced amount	nongold
26	Mars is the planet that is fourth closest to the  Sun	gold
27	light reflecting off of an object causes that object to be visible to the observer	nongold
28	being in the sun is synonymous with being in the sunlight	nongold
29	viewing means observing light	nongold
30	It reflects the most sunlight toward Earth.	answer
31	It reflects the most sunlight toward Earth.	answer
32	Kevin is observing the sky on a clear night. With the unaided eye he is able to see Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. Why would Venus appear to be brighter than the other planets?	question
33	sunshine means sunlight	nongold
34	as the light reflected off of an object increases , the object will appear to be brighter	gold
35	Mars is the planet that is fourth closest to the  Sun	gold
36	Kevin is observing the sky on a clear night. With the unaided eye he is able to see Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. Why would Venus appear to be brighter than the other planets?	question
37	to be in the sun means to be in the sunlight	nongold
38	planets reflect the light of the sun	gold
39	appearing is similar to seeming	nongold
40	Venus is a kind of planet	gold
41	It reflects the most sunlight toward Earth.	answer
42	as a source of light becomes closer , that source will appear brighter	gold
43	Venus reflects more sunlight toward Earth than other planets	gold
44	Jupiter is a kind of planet	gold
45	Saturn is the planet that is sixth closest to the Sun	gold
46	Mars is the planet that is fourth closest to the  Sun	gold
47	Jupiter is the planet that is fifth closest to the Sun	gold
48	as the size of a source of light increases , that source of light will appear brighter	nongold
49	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
50	as the light reflected off of an object increases , the object will appear to be brighter	gold
51	as a source of light becomes closer , that source will appear brighter	gold
52	seeing is used for sensing visual things	nongold
53	to see means to look	nongold
54	to lower means to decrease	nongold
55	furthest; farthest means greatest; most; highest in distance	nongold
56	Earth is greater in mass than Mars	nongold
57	Saturn is the planet that is sixth closest to the Sun	gold
58	largest amount means most	nongold
59	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	nongold
60	sunlight produces heat	nongold
61	Kevin is observing the sky on a clear night. With the unaided eye he is able to see Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. Why would Venus appear to be brighter than the other planets?	question
62	Kevin is observing the sky on a clear night. With the unaided eye he is able to see Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. Why would Venus appear to be brighter than the other planets?	question
63	Mars is a kind of planet	gold
64	as a source of light becomes closer , that source will appear brighter	gold
65	planets reflect the light of the sun	gold
66	Saturn is a kind of planet	gold
67	Mars is a kind of planet	gold
68	Saturn is a kind of planet	gold
69	to reflect light means to scatter light	nongold
70	Venus reflects more sunlight toward Earth than other planets	gold
71	as the light reflected off of an object increases , the object will appear to be brighter	gold
72	closer means lower; less; a decrease in distance	nongold
73	Venus is a kind of planet	gold
