0	a storm is a source of precipitation	nongold
1	storms;rain cause bodies of water to increase amount of water they contain	nongold
2	roots are a vehicle for absorbing water and nutrients from soil into the plant	gold
3	soil erosion is when wind; moving water; gravity move soil from fields; environments	nongold
4	soil contains nutrients for plants	gold
5	fungi absorb nutrients from decaying tissue	nongold
6	dirt means soil	gold
7	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	gold
8	a plant's  roots slowly break down rocks as the roots grow	nongold
9	plants are a part of the environment	nongold
10	roots are a vehicle for absorbing water and nutrients from soil into the plant	gold
11	roots anchor plants into the soil	gold
12	rain is a kind of precipitation	nongold
13	to absorb nutrients	answer
14	roots anchor plants into the soil	gold
15	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
16	a food contains nutrients for living things	nongold
17	Plants on hills keep dirt in place during a rain storm. Plant roots grow into the dirt and keep the dirt from moving. Why do roots grow into the dirt?	question
18	dirt means soil	gold
19	roots are a vehicle for absorbing water and nutrients from soil into the plant	gold
20	a root is a kind of object	nongold
21	a hill is more rounded than a mountain	nongold
22	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	gold
23	a plant is a kind of living thing	gold
24	Plants on hills keep dirt in place during a rain storm. Plant roots grow into the dirt and keep the dirt from moving. Why do roots grow into the dirt?	question
25	a tree is a kind of living thing	nongold
26	an animal needs to eat food for nutrients	nongold
27	a stem is often a part of plant	nongold
28	if some nutrients are in the soil then those nutrients are in the food chain	nongold
29	valley is located between mountains; hills	nongold
30	requiring something means needing that something	nongold
31	crops; farming cause nutrients in the soil to decrease	nongold
32	An example of stormy weather is rain	nongold
33	a plant is a kind of living thing	gold
34	a plant is a kind of living thing	gold
35	dirt means soil	gold
36	to absorb nutrients	answer
37	wind and rain; storms cause erosion	nongold
38	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
39	take in means absorb	nongold
40	roots are a part of a plant; tree	nongold
41	Plants on hills keep dirt in place during a rain storm. Plant roots grow into the dirt and keep the dirt from moving. Why do roots grow into the dirt?	question
42	rain is a kind of water	nongold
43	requiring is similar to needing help	nongold
44	soil is made of solid particles	nongold
45	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
46	a plant; living thing requires nutrients to grow	nongold
47	soil contains nutrients for plants	gold
48	a cell absorbs nutrients	nongold
49	the top layer of soil contains the most nutrients	nongold
50	an environment is a kind of place	nongold
51	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
52	to absorb nutrients	answer
53	wind carries; transports sand; dirt from one place to another place	nongold
54	a mountain; hill is taller than the land around it	nongold
55	to absorb nutrients	answer
56	soil contains nutrients for plants	gold
57	the ground is part of the Earth	nongold
58	Plants on hills keep dirt in place during a rain storm. Plant roots grow into the dirt and keep the dirt from moving. Why do roots grow into the dirt?	question
59	precipitation is when rain;snow;hail fall from clouds to the Earth;ground	nongold
60	roots anchor plants into the soil	gold
61	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	gold
62	a plant absorbs carbon dioxide from the air for photosynthesis	nongold
