0	boiling is a kind of phase change	nongold
1	melting means matter; a substance changes from a solid into a liquid by increasing heat energy	gold
2	the properties of something are used for describing that something	nongold
3	investigating a stage of something means investigating that something	nongold
4	a metal is a kind of element	nongold
5	The zinc atoms lost their relative fixed position.	answer
6	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	nongold
7	when an object moves , that object loses its relative fixed position	gold
8	examining is a kind of process	nongold
9	melting is a kind of phase change	nongold
10	heat means heat energy	gold
11	lab equipment is often used for measuring; observing	nongold
12	substances are made of elements	nongold
13	to add means to increase	gold
14	melting means matter; a substance changes from a solid into a liquid by increasing heat energy	gold
15	a scientist is a kind of human	nongold
16	experimentation requires measuring	nongold
17	place; location is synonymous with position	nongold
18	melting point is a property of a substance; material	nongold
19	to add means to increase	gold
20	to lower means to decrease	nongold
21	to add means to increase	gold
22	A student observes zinc turning from a solid to a liquid in a laboratory investigation. Which statement describes the change in zinc atoms while melting?	question
23	heating means adding heat	nongold
24	an element is a kind of  substance	nongold
25	no longer means used to be	nongold
26	turns is similar to changes	nongold
27	A student observes zinc turning from a solid to a liquid in a laboratory investigation. Which statement describes the change in zinc atoms while melting?	question
28	freezing means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a solid by decreasing heat energy	nongold
29	melting means matter; a substance changes from a solid into a liquid by increasing heat energy	gold
30	melting is when solids are heated above their melting point	nongold
31	A student observes zinc turning from a solid to a liquid in a laboratory investigation. Which statement describes the change in zinc atoms while melting?	question
32	heat energy can change the state of matter	nongold
33	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
34	measuring is used for describing an object	nongold
35	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
36	The zinc atoms lost their relative fixed position.	answer
37	an atom is a kind of object	gold
38	heat means temperature increases	nongold
39	when an object moves , that object loses its relative fixed position	gold
40	to convert means to change	nongold
41	particles in a solid have an orderly fixed position	nongold
42	heat means heat energy	gold
43	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	nongold
44	The zinc atoms lost their relative fixed position.	answer
45	to turn means to change	nongold
46	to change means to cause a change	nongold
47	an  element is a kind of atom	nongold
48	affected means changed	nongold
49	a process is a kind of event	nongold
50	A student observes zinc turning from a solid to a liquid in a laboratory investigation. Which statement describes the change in zinc atoms while melting?	question
51	an atom is a kind of object	gold
52	heat means heat energy	gold
53	a change is a kind of event	nongold
54	The zinc atoms lost their relative fixed position.	answer
55	an atom is a kind of object	gold
56	a phase change is when matter; a substance changes from one state of matter into another state of matter	nongold
57	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
58	zinc is always nonmagnetic	nongold
59	apparent motion  is when  an object appears to move relative to another object's perspective; another object's position	nongold
60	when an object moves , that object loses its relative fixed position	gold
