0	the Earth being tilted on its rotating axis causes seasons	nongold
1	The North Pole is located in the northern hemisphere	gold
2	winter is a part of the year	nongold
3	seasons cause change to the environment	nongold
4	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	nongold
5	winter in the Southern Hemisphere is during the summer in the Nouthern Hemisphere	nongold
6	every summer  is a kind of period of time	nongold
7	hot means high in heat energy; temperature	nongold
8	The North Pole is located in the northern hemisphere	gold
9	to lower means to decrease	nongold
10	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
11	Drew knows that Earth is tilted on its axis. He also knows this tilt is responsible for the season that a region on Earth will experience. When the South Pole is tilted toward the Sun, what season will it be in Florida?	question
12	high is similar to increase	nongold
13	Earth is a kind of planet	nongold
14	warmer means greater; higher in temperature; warmth	nongold
15	winter is a kind of season	nongold
16	affected means changed	nongold
17	precipitation is when water falls from the sky	nongold
18	winter	answer
19	Florida is a state located in the United States of America	gold
20	seasonal changes are made in response to changes in the environment	nongold
21	precipitation is a property of weather	nongold
22	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
23	to change means to cause a change	nongold
24	winter in a hemisphere occurs when the Pole located in that hemisphere is tilted away from the Sun	gold
25	adding something is a kind of change	nongold
26	if an object; a substance; a location absorbs solar energy then that object; that substance will increase in temperature	nongold
27	to add means to increase	nongold
28	spring is a kind of season	nongold
29	winter in a hemisphere occurs when the Pole located in that hemisphere is tilted away from the Sun	gold
30	winter	answer
31	snow falls during the winter in some environments	nongold
32	Drew knows that Earth is tilted on its axis. He also knows this tilt is responsible for the season that a region on Earth will experience. When the South Pole is tilted toward the Sun, what season will it be in Florida?	question
33	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
34	Drew knows that Earth is tilted on its axis. He also knows this tilt is responsible for the season that a region on Earth will experience. When the South Pole is tilted toward the Sun, what season will it be in Florida?	question
35	weather changes from seasons to seasons	nongold
36	the sun setting is a kind of event	nongold
37	something that happens is a kind of event	nongold
38	Florida is a state located in the United States of America	gold
39	The North Pole is located in the northern hemisphere	gold
40	precipitation is a kind of weather	nongold
41	to have a function is similar to to be responsible for	nongold
42	winter	answer
43	yearly means every year	nongold
44	Florida is a state located in the United States of America	gold
45	Drew knows that Earth is tilted on its axis. He also knows this tilt is responsible for the season that a region on Earth will experience. When the South Pole is tilted toward the Sun, what season will it be in Florida?	question
46	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
47	winter in a hemisphere occurs when the Pole located in that hemisphere is tilted away from the Sun	gold
48	variable means able to change	nongold
49	years are a kind of unit for measuring time	nongold
50	winter	answer
51	each season occurs once per year	nongold
52	New York is closer to the North Pole than Florida	nongold
53	summer has hot temperatures; weather	nongold
54	precipitation is when rain;snow;hail fall from clouds to the Earth;ground	nongold
