0	to produce means to create	nongold
1	a delta is a kind of geologic structure; landform	gold
2	state means form	nongold
3	soil contains water; humus; weathered rocks; organic matter	nongold
4	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
5	to generate means to form	nongold
6	sinking means moving down	nongold
7	During a rainstorm, leaves wash down a gully on a hillside. The water slows down at the foot of the hill and fans out, depositing the leaves. What geologic structure is formed in a similar way?	question
8	water  flows down a slope	nongold
9	to create means to make	nongold
10	a delta is formed by sediment depositing at the mouth of a river by water fanning out	gold
11	a delta is formed by sediment depositing at the mouth of a river by water fanning out	gold
12	a delta	answer
13	rising is a kind of motion	nongold
14	rain is a kind of precipitation	nongold
15	weathering; erosion usually occurs over a period of many years	nongold
16	weathering; mechanical weathering means breaking down rocks; surface materials from a larger whole  into smaller pieces by weather	nongold
17	a leaf is a kind of object	nongold
18	deposition means to move an object from one location to a  different location	nongold
19	a component means a part of	nongold
20	sediment is formed by weathering	nongold
21	system is similar to structure	nongold
22	During a rainstorm, leaves wash down a gully on a hillside. The water slows down at the foot of the hill and fans out, depositing the leaves. What geologic structure is formed in a similar way?	question
23	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
24	a delta	answer
25	a delta	answer
26	a delta	answer
27	During a rainstorm, leaves wash down a gully on a hillside. The water slows down at the foot of the hill and fans out, depositing the leaves. What geologic structure is formed in a similar way?	question
28	a leaf is a part of a tree	nongold
29	rainwater is a kind of water	nongold
30	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
31	a stream is a kind of body of water	nongold
32	high is similar to increase	nongold
33	weathering is a kind of erosion	nongold
34	a leaf is small in size	nongold
35	a delta is a kind of geologic structure; landform	gold
36	rain causes erosion	nongold
37	reducing is similar to slowing	nongold
38	During a rainstorm, leaves wash down a gully on a hillside. The water slows down at the foot of the hill and fans out, depositing the leaves. What geologic structure is formed in a similar way?	question
39	rainfall means precipitation	nongold
40	develop is similar to form	nongold
41	to turn means to change	nongold
42	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
43	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	nongold
44	a delta is a kind of geologic structure; landform	gold
45	downhill means down	nongold
46	affected means changed	nongold
47	breaking down is a kind of forming	nongold
48	a delta is formed by sediment depositing at the mouth of a river by water fanning out	gold
49	something that contains water is similar to a body of water	nongold
50	if something is made of something else then the formation of that something requires that something else	nongold
51	the formation of something is a kind of process	nongold
52	to cause the formation of means to form	nongold
