0	an increase is a kind of change	gold
1	an animal; bacterium requires oxygen for survival; to breathe	nongold
2	plants are a source of oxygen through photosynthesis	gold
3	a source of something increases the amount of that something	gold
4	A scientist put several different plants in a sealed container. Every hour, she checked the oxygen in the container to see if it changed. How did the oxygen in the container most likely change?	question
5	if something has a positive impact on something else then increasing the amount of that something has a positive impact on that something else	nongold
6	plants are a source of oxygen through photosynthesis	gold
7	an increase is a kind of change	gold
8	early photosynthetic life increases the  oxygen level in Earth's atmosphere	nongold
9	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
10	oxygenated means having oxygen	nongold
11	photosynthesis is a source of; makes food; energy for the plant by converting carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight into carbohydrates	nongold
12	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
13	high is similar to increase	nongold
14	photosynthesis means producers; green plants convert from carbon dioxide and water and solar energy into carbohydrates and food and oxygen for themselves	nongold
15	The amount of oxygen increased.	answer
16	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
17	variable means able to change	nongold
18	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
19	water is in the gas state , called water vapor; steam , for temperatures between 373; 212; 100 and 100000000000 K; F; C	nongold
20	absorbing something from the air decreases the  amount of  that something in the air	nongold
21	a seal is a kind of animal	nongold
22	A scientist put several different plants in a sealed container. Every hour, she checked the oxygen in the container to see if it changed. How did the oxygen in the container most likely change?	question
23	A scientist put several different plants in a sealed container. Every hour, she checked the oxygen in the container to see if it changed. How did the oxygen in the container most likely change?	question
24	decomposition increases the  amount of nutrients; nitrogen in the soil	nongold
25	The amount of oxygen increased.	answer
26	a plant absorbs carbon dioxide from the air for photosynthesis	nongold
27	a container is a kind of object	nongold
28	chemical change is the opposite of physical change	nongold
29	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
30	as the temperature of a liquid increases , the rate of evaporation of that liquid will increase	nongold
31	change is a kind of impact	nongold
32	an increase is a kind of change	gold
33	The amount of oxygen increased.	answer
34	The amount of oxygen increased.	answer
35	to lower means to decrease	nongold
36	plants absorb nutrients; water; oxygen from soil into themselves through their roots	nongold
37	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
38	a source of something increases the amount of that something	gold
39	oxygen rich means a high amount of oxygen	nongold
40	often is similar to likely	nongold
41	adding something is a kind of change	nongold
42	heat means temperature increases	nongold
43	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
44	to change means to cause a change	nongold
45	a source of something increases the amount of that something	gold
46	carbon dioxide is a kind of gas	nongold
47	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	nongold
48	A scientist put several different plants in a sealed container. Every hour, she checked the oxygen in the container to see if it changed. How did the oxygen in the container most likely change?	question
49	as the size of a source of something increases , the amount of the something that that source produces will decrease	nongold
50	oxygen is a stage in the carbon dioxide-oxygen cycle process	nongold
51	plants are a source of oxygen through photosynthesis	gold
52	changed is the opposite of unchanged	nongold
