0	a mountain is a kind of land feature	nongold
1	forming something is a kind of change	nongold
2	to cause the formation of means to form	nongold
3	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	gold
4	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
5	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
6	a volcanic eruption is a kind of change	nongold
7	to create means to make	nongold
8	if something releases something else then that something is the source of that something else	nongold
9	an island is formed by lava being released; cooling on the ocean floor over time	gold
10	the surface of the Earth is made of 70% ocean	nongold
11	an island	answer
12	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
13	to make means to form	nongold
14	ground means floor	nongold
15	a whole is formed by its parts	nongold
16	to emit means to release	nongold
17	a coast is where land meets the edge of a body of water	nongold
18	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
19	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
20	an island	answer
21	to change means to cause a change	nongold
22	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	nongold
23	an island is a kind of landform	gold
24	a continent is a kind of large land mass	nongold
25	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
26	high is similar to increase	nongold
27	below means lower down	nongold
28	a volcano is a source of magma; lava	nongold
29	water level is similar to ocean level	nongold
30	land is a kind of environment	nongold
31	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	gold
32	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
33	if something returns to a place then that something increases in that place	nongold
34	to add means to increase	nongold
35	an island is a kind of landform	gold
36	a land feature is a kind of physical characteristic	nongold
37	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	gold
38	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
39	an island	answer
40	an island is formed by lava being released; cooling on the ocean floor over time	gold
41	form means kind	nongold
42	oceans cover 70% of the surface of the earth	nongold
43	increase means more	nongold
44	an island is formed by lava being released; cooling on the ocean floor over time	gold
45	to change into means to form	nongold
46	if something exists on a surface then that surface contains that something	nongold
47	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
48	an island	answer
49	a body of water contains water	nongold
50	a process is a kind of event	nongold
51	igneous rocks; minerals are formed by magma; lava cooling; crystallizing	nongold
52	an island is a kind of landform	gold
53	oceans regulate the temperature of nearby land	nongold
