0	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
1	to provide means to supply	nongold
2	light is a kind of energy	nongold
3	if an object; a substance makes something then that object; that substance is a source of that thing	nongold
4	A student examines a new watch design. The watch has a small solar cell on its face. The main function of the solar cell is to	question
5	providing is a kind of function	gold
6	provide an energy source for the watch.	answer
7	A student examines a new watch design. The watch has a small solar cell on its face. The main function of the solar cell is to	question
8	electrical energy is a kind of energy	nongold
9	provide an energy source for the watch.	answer
10	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	gold
11	a cell is a kind of object	nongold
12	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	nongold
13	if something is required then that something must be provided	nongold
14	electricity is used as an energy source by electrical devices	nongold
15	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
16	light is a kind of energy	nongold
17	answering questions requires information	nongold
18	to run on means to use as an energy source	nongold
19	solar cells convert solar energy into electrical energy	gold
20	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
21	A student examines a new watch design. The watch has a small solar cell on its face. The main function of the solar cell is to	question
22	solar energy is a kind of energy	gold
23	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
24	a device is a kind of object	nongold
25	provide an energy source for the watch.	answer
26	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
27	a machine is a kind of  device	nongold
28	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
29	solar radiation means solar energy	nongold
30	A student examines a new watch design. The watch has a small solar cell on its face. The main function of the solar cell is to	question
31	new means different from the former one	nongold
32	if something is powered by something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
33	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	gold
34	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
35	to have a function is similar to to be responsible for	nongold
36	solar energy is a kind of energy	gold
37	solar cells convert solar energy into electrical energy	gold
38	providing is a kind of function	gold
39	providing is a kind of function	gold
40	a device requires energy to operate	nongold
41	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
42	provide an energy source for the watch.	answer
43	a solar panel is made of solar cells	nongold
44	to work means to function	nongold
45	role means function	nongold
46	the sun is a source of radiation; heat called sunlight	nongold
47	instrument means tool	nongold
48	light means light energy	nongold
49	solar energy is a kind of heat energy	nongold
50	where something  comes from is a source of that something	nongold
51	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	gold
52	solar cells convert solar energy into electrical energy	gold
53	a producer is a source of energy for consumers	nongold
54	solar energy is a kind of light	nongold
55	solar energy is a kind of energy	gold
56	a function is an activity	nongold
57	an object; material; substance comes from that object or material's source	nongold
