0	to be good for means to have a positive impact on	nongold
1	humans move waste to a  landfill for disposal;storage	nongold
2	waste must be removed	nongold
3	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	gold
4	less means a reduced amount	nongold
5	damage has a negative impact on a thing	nongold
6	recycling reduces; decreases the amount of waste sent to landfills	gold
7	metal is a kind of substance	nongold
8	Aluminum containers can be melted and made into new products. How will recycling aluminum most likely benefit communities?	question
9	less is similar to decrease	gold
10	organisms are a part of an environment	nongold
11	a positive impact is  a benefit	gold
12	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
13	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
14	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
15	replacing is similar to recycling	nongold
16	aluminum is a kind of matter	nongold
17	recycling reduces; decreases the amount of waste sent to landfills	gold
18	Aluminum containers can be melted and made into new products. How will recycling aluminum most likely benefit communities?	question
19	People will add less to landfills.	answer
20	to add means to increase	nongold
21	aluminum is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
22	landfills have a negative impact on the environment; communities	gold
23	People will add less to landfills.	answer
24	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
25	to recycle means return	nongold
26	aluminum is recyclable	nongold
27	lower means less	nongold
28	human waste often causes harm to an environment	nongold
29	a container is a kind of object	nongold
30	good means positive	nongold
31	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
32	a positive impact is a helpful effect	nongold
33	little is similar to decrease	nongold
34	less is similar to decrease	gold
35	a positive impact is  a benefit	gold
36	Aluminum containers can be melted and made into new products. How will recycling aluminum most likely benefit communities?	question
37	less is similar to decrease	gold
38	discarding aluminum cans wastes aluminum	nongold
39	People will add less to landfills.	answer
40	aluminum is a kind of element	nongold
41	recycling is a kind of action	nongold
42	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	gold
43	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
44	recycling reduces; decreases the amount of waste sent to landfills	gold
45	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	gold
46	landfills have a negative impact on the environment; communities	gold
47	low is similar to decrease	nongold
48	landfills have a negative impact on the environment; communities	gold
49	aluminum is a kind of metal	nongold
50	An example of recycling is using an object to make a new object	nongold
51	all living things eliminate waste	nongold
52	saving money has a positive impact on a person; a company	nongold
53	Aluminum containers can be melted and made into new products. How will recycling aluminum most likely benefit communities?	question
54	as the amount of a source of something decreases , the amount of that something will decrease	nongold
55	People will add less to landfills.	answer
56	processes sometimes produce waste products	nongold
57	to help; to benefit means to be of use	nongold
58	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
59	a positive impact is  a benefit	gold
60	requiring is similar to needing help	nongold
