0	if something has no impact on something else then that something else stays the same	nongold
1	data means information	nongold
2	the gravitational force of a planet; of a celestial object does not change the mass of an object on that planet or celestial body	gold
3	gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction	gold
4	as the force of gravity increases , the weight of objects will increase	gold
5	A Mars Rover has been sent to explore and relay data from Mars. Mars is less massive than Earth. When compared with Earth, which is the best comparison between the mass and the weight of the Rover on Mars?	question
6	massive means great in mass	gold
7	to remain means to stay the same	nongold
8	as mass of a planet; of a celestial body increases , the force of gravity on that planet will increase	gold
9	Mars is a kind of planet	gold
10	to lower means to decrease	nongold
11	A Mars Rover has been sent to explore and relay data from Mars. Mars is less massive than Earth. When compared with Earth, which is the best comparison between the mass and the weight of the Rover on Mars?	question
12	A Mars Rover has been sent to explore and relay data from Mars. Mars is less massive than Earth. When compared with Earth, which is the best comparison between the mass and the weight of the Rover on Mars?	question
13	smaller means less; lower in size	nongold
14	Earth is greater in mass than Mars	gold
15	massive is similar to large	nongold
16	as the force of gravity increases , the weight of objects will increase	gold
17	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
18	massive means great in mass	gold
19	same means identical; equal in value; amount; number; quantity	nongold
20	comparing requires measuring	nongold
21	greater means higher; more in value	nongold
22	comparing requires observing that something	nongold
23	a vehicle is a kind of object	gold
24	A Mars Rover has been sent to explore and relay data from Mars. Mars is less massive than Earth. When compared with Earth, which is the best comparison between the mass and the weight of the Rover on Mars?	question
25	Mars is a kind of planet	gold
26	Earth is a kind of planet	gold
27	mass is similar to size	nongold
28	mass; weight are the same on Earth	nongold
29	less is similar to decrease	gold
30	Earth is a kind of planet	gold
31	a planet's  moon is smaller than that planet	nongold
32	similarity means the same property	nongold
33	the Mars Rover is a kind of vehicle	gold
34	a vehicle is a kind of object	gold
35	as mass of a planet; of a celestial body increases , the force of gravity on that planet will increase	gold
36	better means good	nongold
37	low is similar to decrease	nongold
38	stay the same means not changing	gold
39	a vehicle is a kind of object	gold
40	small is the opposite of large	nongold
41	gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction	gold
42	affected means changed	nongold
43	as mass of a planet; of a celestial body increases , the force of gravity on that planet will increase	gold
44	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
45	massive means great in mass	gold
46	the gravitational force of a planet; of a celestial object does not change the mass of an object on that planet or celestial body	gold
47	as the mass of an object decreases , the weight of that object will decrease	nongold
48	stay the same means not changing	gold
49	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
50	the Mars Rover is a kind of vehicle	gold
51	The weight is less on Mars and the mass is the same.	answer
52	The weight is less on Mars and the mass is the same.	answer
53	Mars is a kind of planet	gold
54	gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction	gold
55	to match means to be the same	nongold
56	Earth is greater in mass than Mars	gold
57	as the force of gravity increases , the weight of objects will increase	gold
58	Earth is greater in mass than Mars	gold
59	The weight is less on Mars and the mass is the same.	answer
60	heavy means a large amount of weight	nongold
61	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
62	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
63	variable means able to change	nongold
64	the Mars Rover is a kind of vehicle	gold
65	little is similar to decrease	nongold
66	Earth is a kind of planet	gold
67	Earth is made of rock	nongold
68	stay the same means not changing	gold
69	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
70	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
71	mass is a measure of the amount of matter in an object	nongold
72	less is similar to decrease	gold
73	less is similar to decrease	gold
74	less is the opposite of more	nongold
75	to send means to transfer	nongold
76	The weight is less on Mars and the mass is the same.	answer
77	the gravitational force of a planet; of a celestial object does not change the mass of an object on that planet or celestial body	gold
78	best means most positive	nongold
