0	a piece of an object is smaller in size than the whole object	nongold
1	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	gold
2	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	gold
3	striking is a kind of movement	gold
4	a sheet of paper is a kind of object	gold
5	a covering is a kind of object	nongold
6	a material's response to heating and cooling can be used to study that material's thermal properties	nongold
7	to happen means to occur	nongold
8	mechanical force is a kind of mechanical energy	nongold
9	heat means temperature increases	nongold
10	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
11	wood is a kind of natural material	nongold
12	A carpenter covered a piece of wood with a thin sheet of paper. He struck the covered piece of wood with a hammer. The impact left a small hole in the paper that smelled of smoke. Which kind of energy transfer did this event most likely demonstrate?	question
13	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	gold
14	a sheet of paper is a kind of object	gold
15	burning wood is used to produce heat	nongold
16	mechanical energy can  cause objects to move	nongold
17	if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material	nongold
18	transfer is a kind of change	nongold
19	wood is a kind of nonmetal	nongold
20	a hot; warm something is a source of heat	nongold
21	a piece of something is a kind of object	nongold
22	a thermal insulator slows; prevents the transfer of heat	nongold
23	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	gold
24	thermal energy is a kind of energy	nongold
25	wood has a smooth surface	nongold
26	striking is a kind of movement	gold
27	a sheet of paper is a kind of object	gold
28	metal is a thermal; thermal energy conductor	nongold
29	to add means to increase	nongold
30	mechanical to thermal	answer
31	a hammer is a kind of object	gold
32	heat is a kind of energy	gold
33	convert is similar to transfer	nongold
34	heat is a kind of energy	gold
35	heat is a kind of energy	gold
36	smell means scent	nongold
37	wood is an thermal; thermal energy insulator	nongold
38	air is usually a thermal; thermal energy insulator	nongold
39	a phase change is a kind of physical change	nongold
40	wood is a kind of object	nongold
41	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	gold
42	An example of mechanical energy is an object in motion	nongold
43	A carpenter covered a piece of wood with a thin sheet of paper. He struck the covered piece of wood with a hammer. The impact left a small hole in the paper that smelled of smoke. Which kind of energy transfer did this event most likely demonstrate?	question
44	a piece is a part of a whole	nongold
45	paper is a kind of material	nongold
46	a hammer is a kind of object	gold
47	to combust means to catch fire	nongold
48	A carpenter covered a piece of wood with a thin sheet of paper. He struck the covered piece of wood with a hammer. The impact left a small hole in the paper that smelled of smoke. Which kind of energy transfer did this event most likely demonstrate?	question
49	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
50	A carpenter covered a piece of wood with a thin sheet of paper. He struck the covered piece of wood with a hammer. The impact left a small hole in the paper that smelled of smoke. Which kind of energy transfer did this event most likely demonstrate?	question
51	mechanical to thermal	answer
52	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	gold
53	striking is a kind of movement	gold
54	a paper is a kind of object	nongold
55	magnetism is a kind of energy	nongold
56	thermal conduction is when heat flows from warmer object to cooler object	nongold
57	change is a kind of impact	nongold
58	fire transfers heat through waves	nongold
59	mechanical to thermal	answer
60	to flow is similar to to transfer	nongold
61	mechanical to thermal	answer
62	a hammer is a kind of object	gold
