0	sunlight produces heat	nongold
1	UV light is a kind of light	nongold
2	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
3	a full moon is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
4	the sun is a kind of yellow dwarf	nongold
5	the moon reflects sunlight towards the Earth	gold
6	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
7	shiny things; objects reflect light	nongold
8	a new moon is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
9	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
10	the sun is the source of solar energy called sunlight	nongold
11	light is a kind of energy	nongold
12	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
13	where something  comes from is a source of that something	gold
14	brighter means higher; greater in brightness	nongold
15	dark means a low amount of light	nongold
16	light reflecting off of an object causes that object to be visible to the observer	nongold
17	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
18	the moon reflects sunlight towards the Earth	gold
19	if an object is white then that object reflects all visible light	nongold
20	where something  comes from is a source of that something	gold
21	the moon orbits the Earth	nongold
22	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
23	where something  comes from is a source of that something	gold
24	a moon is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
25	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
26	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
27	to reflect light means to scatter light	nongold
28	visible light is a kind of  light	nongold
29	to receive sunlight means to absorb sunlight	nongold
30	reflection is a kind of process	nongold
31	bright means a lot of light	nongold
32	the new moon is when the lighted half of the moon faces the Sun	nongold
33	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
34	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
35	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
36	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
37	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
38	intensity of sunlight is similar to amount of sunlight	nongold
39	make means produce	nongold
40	if something gains something from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
41	light is a kind of energy	nongold
42	form means kind	nongold
43	reflection is a property of light	nongold
44	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
45	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
46	solar energy is a kind of light	nongold
47	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
48	the new moon is when the dark half of the moon faces the Earth	nongold
49	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
50	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
51	the moon reflects sunlight towards the Earth	gold
52	receiving sunlight  is synonymous with absorbing sunlight	nongold
53	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
54	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
