0	change is a kind of process	nongold
1	to be a source of something means to cause that something	nongold
2	a component means a part of	nongold
3	Jessica watches the Sun set in the evening sky. What causes the setting of the Sun?	question
4	the sun setting is a kind of event	nongold
5	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
6	a Rotation of the Earth on Earth's axis; itself takes 1; one day	nongold
7	Earth's angle of tilt causes the length of day and night to vary	nongold
8	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	nongold
9	if it is night then the sun has set	nongold
10	a planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet	nongold
11	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
12	the night time is part of one day	nongold
13	setting is a kind of motion	gold
14	rotate means turn	nongold
15	the sun sets in the west	nongold
16	a watch;clock;stopwatch is used for measuring time	nongold
17	to turn means to change	nongold
18	setting is a kind of motion	gold
19	turns is similar to changes	nongold
20	Earth is rotating on its axis.	answer
21	Earth is a planet that is closer to the  Sun than Jupiter	nongold
22	rotate is similar to revolve	nongold
23	Jessica watches the Sun set in the evening sky. What causes the setting of the Sun?	question
24	causing means influencing	nongold
25	Jessica watches the Sun set in the evening sky. What causes the setting of the Sun?	question
26	Earth is rotating on its axis.	answer
27	a complete revolution of the Earth around the sun takes 1; one year; solar year; Earth year	nongold
28	a part of a process means a stage in a process	nongold
29	turning is a kind of motion	nongold
30	rotating is similar to moving	nongold
31	Earth is rotating on its axis.	answer
32	a rotation is a kind of movement	nongold
33	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
34	a process is a kind of event	nongold
35	Earth is rotating on its axis.	answer
36	the moon rotates on its axis	nongold
37	Jessica watches the Sun set in the evening sky. What causes the setting of the Sun?	question
38	movement is a kind of change	nongold
39	diurnal motion is when  objects in the sky appear  to move due to Earth's rotation on its axis	nongold
40	the Earth revolves around the sun	nongold
41	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
42	a motion is a kind of event; action	nongold
43	setting is a kind of motion	gold
44	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
45	a cycle happens; occurs repeatedly	nongold
46	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
47	rising is a kind of motion	nongold
48	to give is similar to to cause	nongold
49	the sun is not a star in the night sky	nongold
50	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
51	afternoon is a part of day time	nongold
