0	made up of means contains; made of	nongold
1	phase means state	nongold
2	the moon orbits the Earth	nongold
3	revolving is a kind of motion	nongold
4	a planet is a kind of place	nongold
5	to cause an event is similar to being involved in that event	nongold
6	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
7	a full moon is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
8	a theory is a kind of idea that has been tested and supported by results repeatedly	nongold
9	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
10	astronomy is a kind of branch of science	nongold
11	to cause means to be responsible for	gold
12	rotation  is  the  circular movement of an object around a center; axis	nongold
13	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
14	a planet is a kind of location	nongold
15	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	nongold
16	the moon revolving around; orbiting the Earth causes the phases of the moon	gold
17	movements of celestial bodies are a kind of event	nongold
18	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
19	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
20	each of the moon's phases occurs once per month	nongold
21	some celestial bodies rotate in space	nongold
22	Celestial bodies move in orbits in space around other celestial bodies	nongold
23	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
24	the moon revolving around; orbiting the Earth causes the phases of the moon	gold
25	if the surface of an object contains something then that object is covered with that something	nongold
26	moving is similar to travelling	nongold
27	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
28	the moon does not contain air; water	nongold
29	if something is made of something; a material then that something contains that something; that material	nongold
30	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
31	revolving  around something means orbiting that something	nongold
32	astronomy is the study of celestial (objects, bodies)	nongold
33	a surface is a part of an object	nongold
34	to cause means to be responsible for	gold
35	moving something is a kind of function	nongold
36	a constellation contains stars	nongold
37	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
38	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
39	to cause means to be responsible for	gold
40	invisible means cannot be seen	nongold
41	to contain something means to have that something	nongold
42	to be found in means to be contained in	nongold
43	Earth rotating on its axis occurs once per day	nongold
44	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
45	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
46	the moon revolving around; orbiting the Earth causes the phases of the moon	gold
47	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
48	a waning gibbous is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
49	lunar phase is synonymous with moon phase	nongold
50	rotating is similar to moving	nongold
