0	a decrease is a kind of change	gold
1	weakness has a negative impact on an animal's survival; health; ability to reproduce	gold
2	weak means low in strength	nongold
3	less is similar to decrease	nongold
4	coat means fur coat	nongold
5	dark means dark in color	nongold
6	strong means high in strength	nongold
7	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
8	to be used  for something means to help to do that something	nongold
9	weaker is the opposite of stronger	gold
10	as the ability to survive; ability to reproduce of a living thing increases , the likelyhood of  passing on its traits to its decendents will increase	nongold
11	typically means usually	nongold
12	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
13	a sheep is a kind of animal	gold
14	having a positive impact on health; survival is synonymous with helping to keep healthy	nongold
15	hair; fur is  a part of skin for protection; keeping warm	nongold
16	an animal needs to eat food for nutrients	nongold
17	weakness has a negative impact on an animal's survival; health; ability to reproduce	gold
18	prey  is a kind of animal	nongold
19	a sheep is a kind of animal	gold
20	if a new predator begins eating prey then the population of that prey will decrease	gold
21	if a new predator begins eating prey then the population of that prey will decrease	gold
22	to help; to benefit means to be of use	nongold
23	predators eat prey	nongold
24	an adaptation  is  a change in a population over successive generations that  helps  individuals organisms in that population to  survive; reproduce	nongold
25	Sheep Challenge Evolution A species of sheep lives on the Scottish island of Hirta. Hirta has plenty of grass for the sheep to eat, and no natural predators of the sheep live on the island. Some sheep have dark wool, and some have light wool. The sheep with dark wool tend to be much larger and stronger than the sheep with light wool. However, researchers have found that in the last 20 years, the sheep with light wool have increased in number. Usually, strength and size help animals survive and breed. A new sheep predator is introduced to the island. Which change to the sheep population will most likely occur first?	question
26	Sheep Challenge Evolution A species of sheep lives on the Scottish island of Hirta. Hirta has plenty of grass for the sheep to eat, and no natural predators of the sheep live on the island. Some sheep have dark wool, and some have light wool. The sheep with dark wool tend to be much larger and stronger than the sheep with light wool. However, researchers have found that in the last 20 years, the sheep with light wool have increased in number. Usually, strength and size help animals survive and breed. A new sheep predator is introduced to the island. Which change to the sheep population will most likely occur first?	question
27	weakness has a negative impact on an animal's survival; health; ability to reproduce	gold
28	killing a living thing decreases the number; population size of that living thing	nongold
29	sometimes nonnative species have no natural predators	nongold
30	to graze means to eat grass	nongold
31	if an animal eats another animal then that animal is a carnivore or omnivore or predator	nongold
32	a sheep is a kind of animal	gold
33	good means positive	nongold
34	Sheep Challenge Evolution A species of sheep lives on the Scottish island of Hirta. Hirta has plenty of grass for the sheep to eat, and no natural predators of the sheep live on the island. Some sheep have dark wool, and some have light wool. The sheep with dark wool tend to be much larger and stronger than the sheep with light wool. However, researchers have found that in the last 20 years, the sheep with light wool have increased in number. Usually, strength and size help animals survive and breed. A new sheep predator is introduced to the island. Which change to the sheep population will most likely occur first?	question
35	grass is a kind of green plant	nongold
36	helping means to assist in a change	nongold
37	a decrease is a kind of change	gold
38	a decrease in the population of sheep with light wool	answer
39	a decrease in the population of sheep with light wool	answer
40	a decrease in the population of sheep with light wool	answer
41	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
42	a predator usually kills its prey to eat it	nongold
43	if a new predator begins eating prey then the population of that prey will decrease	gold
44	as population of predators decreases , the population of prey will increase in an environment	nongold
45	an organism is a living thing	nongold
46	adaptations are used for survival	nongold
47	to breed is similar to to reproduce	nongold
48	a decrease in the population of sheep with light wool	answer
49	to lower means to decrease	nongold
50	weaker is the opposite of stronger	gold
51	a decrease is a kind of change	gold
52	a predator eats other animals for food	nongold
53	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	nongold
54	larger; bigger is the opposite of smaller	nongold
55	Sheep Challenge Evolution A species of sheep lives on the Scottish island of Hirta. Hirta has plenty of grass for the sheep to eat, and no natural predators of the sheep live on the island. Some sheep have dark wool, and some have light wool. The sheep with dark wool tend to be much larger and stronger than the sheep with light wool. However, researchers have found that in the last 20 years, the sheep with light wool have increased in number. Usually, strength and size help animals survive and breed. A new sheep predator is introduced to the island. Which change to the sheep population will most likely occur first?	question
56	a predator is a kind of animal	nongold
57	population increase means more survive	nongold
58	weaker is the opposite of stronger	gold
59	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
60	light means low  in weight	nongold
