0	a process is a kind of event	nongold
1	Ocean levels would increase.	answer
2	if something emits something else then that something increases the amount of that something else	nongold
3	an ocean is a kind of body of water	gold
4	an ocean is a kind of body of water	gold
5	freezing is a kind of phase change	nongold
6	an ocean is a kind of body of water	gold
7	as the amount of water in a body of water increases , the water levels will rise; increase especially at the edge of that body of water	gold
8	cold means low in temperature	nongold
9	to add means to increase	nongold
10	amount of water in a body of water increases by storms; rain; glaciers melting; snow melting; ice melting	gold
11	warm means medium heat energy; temperature	nongold
12	something that happens is a kind of event	nongold
13	as the  level of water rises , the amount of available land will decrease	nongold
14	Ocean levels would increase.	answer
15	Many scientists theorize that global warming will melt the polar ice caps. What would most likely happen if the polar ice caps melted?	question
16	temperature rise means become warmer	nongold
17	ice crystals means  ice	nongold
18	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
19	temperature changing can cause phase changes	nongold
20	amount of water in a body of water increases by storms; rain; glaciers melting; snow melting; ice melting	gold
21	the polar ice caps are made of ice	gold
22	often is similar to likely	nongold
23	as the amount of a source of something decreases , the amount of that something will decrease	nongold
24	a change is a kind of event	nongold
25	water level is similar to ocean level	nongold
26	amount of water in a body of water increases by storms; rain; glaciers melting; snow melting; ice melting	gold
27	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
28	ice is a kind of object	nongold
29	increase means more	nongold
30	to lower means to decrease	nongold
31	warmer means greater; higher in temperature; warmth	nongold
32	if something causes an increase in something else then that something produces that something else	nongold
33	as the amount of water in a body of water increases , the water levels will rise; increase especially at the edge of that body of water	gold
34	high is similar to increase	nongold
35	the polar ice caps are made of ice	gold
36	temperature  rise means temperature increase	nongold
37	as the surface area of a body of water increases , evaporation of that body of water will increase	nongold
38	hot means high in heat energy; temperature	nongold
39	Many scientists theorize that global warming will melt the polar ice caps. What would most likely happen if the polar ice caps melted?	question
40	as the amount of water in a body of water increases , the water levels will rise; increase especially at the edge of that body of water	gold
41	Ocean levels would increase.	answer
42	evaporation causes amount of water to decrease	nongold
43	to happen means to occur	nongold
44	cooling means temperature decreases	nongold
45	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	nongold
46	polar regions are cold in temperature	nongold
47	temperature drop means temperature decrease	nongold
48	warm means warm temperature	nongold
49	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
50	freezing means cold temperatures	nongold
51	melting is a kind of process	nongold
52	Many scientists theorize that global warming will melt the polar ice caps. What would most likely happen if the polar ice caps melted?	question
53	as the cause of something decreases , that something will decrease	nongold
54	a scientist is a kind of human	nongold
55	the polar ice caps are made of ice	gold
56	Many scientists theorize that global warming will melt the polar ice caps. What would most likely happen if the polar ice caps melted?	question
57	Ocean levels would increase.	answer
