0	a cell is a kind of object	nongold
1	trait is a kind of genetic information	nongold
2	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
3	animals require fertilization to reproduce	nongold
4	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
5	in sexual reproduction the egg is a vehicle for the genes from the mother to the offspring	nongold
6	a producer is a kind of living thing	nongold
7	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
8	Chromosomes contain the genetic information of an organism. Fruit flies reproduce by sexual reproduction. Most of the cells of a fruit fly have 8 chromosomes. Which statement best explains the source of the chromosomes in a normal fertilized fruit fly egg?	question
9	The sperm cell provides 4 chromosomes and the egg cell provides 4 chromosomes.	answer
10	Chromosomes contain the genetic information of an organism. Fruit flies reproduce by sexual reproduction. Most of the cells of a fruit fly have 8 chromosomes. Which statement best explains the source of the chromosomes in a normal fertilized fruit fly egg?	question
11	parents produce offspring	nongold
12	The sperm cell provides 4 chromosomes and the egg cell provides 4 chromosomes.	answer
13	the ovaries are used in reproduction	nongold
14	each sex cell provides half the number of chromosomes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	gold
15	most means over 50% of something	nongold
16	a sex cell of a human contains 23 chromosomes	nongold
17	each sex cell provides half the number of chromosomes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	gold
18	a sperm cell is a kind of  sex cell	gold
19	sexual reproduction produces offspring with genetic material from both parents; cells with genetic material from both parent cells	nongold
20	an egg cell is a kind of sex cell	gold
21	living things can all reproduce	nongold
22	fruit is a kind of food	nongold
23	An example of asexual reproduction is when an organism creates cells identical to itself without combining genes from parent cells	nongold
24	a sperm cell is a kind of  sex cell	gold
25	genes contains genetic information	nongold
26	to provide something means to be the source of that something	gold
27	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
28	each sex cell provides half the number of chromosomes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	gold
29	if something is a source of something else then that something usually contains that something else	nongold
30	fertilization is when an egg cell becomes fertilized	nongold
31	an asexually produced offspring is genetically identical to its parent	nongold
32	if something is a part of something else then that something else contains that something	nongold
33	trait is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
34	some animals have offspring by laying eggs	nongold
35	an egg is a kind of food	nongold
36	animals reproduce sexually	nongold
37	to produce means to provide	nongold
38	to provide something means to be the source of that something	gold
39	an allele is a kind of gene	nongold
40	new cells with a full set of chromosomes are formed by fertilization	nongold
41	if something contains something , then something is able to provide something	nongold
42	The sperm cell provides 4 chromosomes and the egg cell provides 4 chromosomes.	answer
43	to attract females; males means to attract mates	nongold
44	male animals require sperm cells to reproduce	nongold
45	The sperm cell provides 4 chromosomes and the egg cell provides 4 chromosomes.	answer
46	an egg cell is a kind of sex cell	gold
47	a mother births offspring	nongold
48	an egg cell is a kind of sex cell	gold
49	to provide something means to be the source of that something	gold
50	a sperm cell is a kind of  sex cell	gold
51	reproduction increases the number; population of a living thing	nongold
52	offspring receive genes from their parents through inheritence; DNA; sexual reproduction	nongold
53	high is similar to increase	nongold
54	asexual reproduction is not a source of genetic variation in offspring	nongold
55	Chromosomes contain the genetic information of an organism. Fruit flies reproduce by sexual reproduction. Most of the cells of a fruit fly have 8 chromosomes. Which statement best explains the source of the chromosomes in a normal fertilized fruit fly egg?	question
56	sexual reproduction increases genetic diversity	nongold
57	Chromosomes contain the genetic information of an organism. Fruit flies reproduce by sexual reproduction. Most of the cells of a fruit fly have 8 chromosomes. Which statement best explains the source of the chromosomes in a normal fertilized fruit fly egg?	question
