0	most predators live in; live near the same environment as their prey	nongold
1	eating an animal; a plant means killing that animal; that plant	nongold
2	have a better chance of surviving and reproducing	answer
3	the size of an organism is an inherited characteristic	nongold
4	light means low  in weight	nongold
5	to be used  for something means to help to do that something	nongold
6	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
7	dark is the opposite of light	nongold
8	harming an animal species causes that animal's population to decrease	nongold
9	a food contains nutrients for living things	nongold
10	a living thing is a kind of object	gold
11	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	nongold
12	smaller means less; lower in size	nongold
13	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	nongold
14	typically means usually	nongold
15	an adaptation  is  a change in a population over successive generations that  helps  individuals organisms in that population to  survive; reproduce	nongold
16	a living thing is a kind of object	gold
17	having no natural predators increases population size	nongold
18	trait is synonymous with characteristic	gold
19	a living thing is a kind of object	gold
20	trait is synonymous with characteristic	gold
21	have a better chance of surviving and reproducing	answer
22	a sheep is a kind of animal	gold
23	Sheep Challenge Evolution A species of sheep lives on the Scottish island of Hirta. Hirta has plenty of grass for the sheep to eat, and no natural predators of the sheep live on the island. Some sheep have dark wool, and some have light wool. The sheep with dark wool tend to be much larger and stronger than the sheep with light wool. However, researchers have found that in the last 20 years, the sheep with light wool have increased in number. Usually, strength and size help animals survive and breed. On Hirta, sheep with light wool outnumber sheep with dark wool because sheep with light wool	question
24	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
25	fur is usually part of a mammal	nongold
26	to help; to benefit means to be of use	nongold
27	weakness has a negative impact on an animal's survival; health; ability to reproduce	nongold
28	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
29	a sheep is a kind of animal	gold
30	killing means changing a living thing from alive to dead by harming	nongold
31	length is a part of size	nongold
32	dark means a low amount of light	nongold
33	Sheep Challenge Evolution A species of sheep lives on the Scottish island of Hirta. Hirta has plenty of grass for the sheep to eat, and no natural predators of the sheep live on the island. Some sheep have dark wool, and some have light wool. The sheep with dark wool tend to be much larger and stronger than the sheep with light wool. However, researchers have found that in the last 20 years, the sheep with light wool have increased in number. Usually, strength and size help animals survive and breed. On Hirta, sheep with light wool outnumber sheep with dark wool because sheep with light wool	question
34	amount is similar to number	nongold
35	Sheep Challenge Evolution A species of sheep lives on the Scottish island of Hirta. Hirta has plenty of grass for the sheep to eat, and no natural predators of the sheep live on the island. Some sheep have dark wool, and some have light wool. The sheep with dark wool tend to be much larger and stronger than the sheep with light wool. However, researchers have found that in the last 20 years, the sheep with light wool have increased in number. Usually, strength and size help animals survive and breed. On Hirta, sheep with light wool outnumber sheep with dark wool because sheep with light wool	question
36	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
37	usually means most of the time	nongold
38	death means to die	nongold
39	survive means live	nongold
40	nonliving; non-living; die is the opposite of living; alive; live	nongold
41	two objects are usually different in size	nongold
42	weaker is the opposite of stronger	nongold
43	a lack of something that a living thing requires prevents the survival of that living thing	nongold
44	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
45	as population of predators increases , the population of prey will decrease in an environment	nongold
46	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
47	growth means size;number;value;strength increases	nongold
48	harming an animal species has a  negative impact on the population size of that species	nongold
49	reproduction increases the number; population of a living thing	nongold
50	trait is synonymous with characteristic	gold
51	have a better chance of surviving and reproducing	answer
52	prey is a kind of food for predators	nongold
53	Sheep Challenge Evolution A species of sheep lives on the Scottish island of Hirta. Hirta has plenty of grass for the sheep to eat, and no natural predators of the sheep live on the island. Some sheep have dark wool, and some have light wool. The sheep with dark wool tend to be much larger and stronger than the sheep with light wool. However, researchers have found that in the last 20 years, the sheep with light wool have increased in number. Usually, strength and size help animals survive and breed. On Hirta, sheep with light wool outnumber sheep with dark wool because sheep with light wool	question
54	if a living thing dies then that living thing is dead	nongold
55	a sheep is a kind of animal	gold
56	have a better chance of surviving and reproducing	answer
57	if something weakens , then that something is weaker	nongold
