0	knowing the properties of something means knowing information about that something	nongold
1	when a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange; flaky on the surface	nongold
2	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
3	rusting means forming rust	gold
4	striking is a kind of movement	nongold
5	Base your answer on the information below and on your knowledge of science. A baseball strikes the roof of a car and dents it. The paint on the roof begins to crack and chip, exposing the metal. The exposed metal on the roof rusts, eventually causing a small hole in the roof. Which event is a chemical change?	question
6	affected means changed	nongold
7	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
8	below is the opposite of above	nongold
9	a motion is a kind of event; action	nongold
10	The exposed metal rusts.	answer
11	to hit means to strike	nongold
12	a phase change is when matter; a substance changes from one state of matter into another state of matter	nongold
13	The exposed metal rusts.	answer
14	a metal is usually a solid at room temperature	nongold
15	low means down	nongold
16	chemical weathering is a kind of weathering	nongold
17	rusting means forming rust	gold
18	a change is a kind of event	nongold
19	Base your answer on the information below and on your knowledge of science. A baseball strikes the roof of a car and dents it. The paint on the roof begins to crack and chip, exposing the metal. The exposed metal on the roof rusts, eventually causing a small hole in the roof. Which event is a chemical change?	question
20	rust forming is a kind of chemical change	gold
21	combustibility is a kind of  chemical property	nongold
22	substances are made of matter	nongold
23	a car is a kind of object	nongold
24	reducing is a kind of change	nongold
25	cracking something usually has a negative impact on that something	nongold
26	Base your answer on the information below and on your knowledge of science. A baseball strikes the roof of a car and dents it. The paint on the roof begins to crack and chip, exposing the metal. The exposed metal on the roof rusts, eventually causing a small hole in the roof. Which event is a chemical change?	question
27	The exposed metal rusts.	answer
28	combustibility is a property of matter and includes ordered values of combustible; incombustible	nongold
29	substances are made of elements	nongold
30	an event is a kind of action	nongold
31	metal is a kind of material	nongold
32	The exposed metal rusts.	answer
33	rust forming is a kind of chemical change	gold
34	to add means to increase	nongold
35	metal rusts	gold
36	substances have chemical properties	nongold
37	to be a source of something means to cause that something	nongold
38	a ball is a kind of object	nongold
39	metal rusts	gold
40	strong means high in strength	nongold
41	combustion is a kind of chemical change	nongold
42	chemicals means substances	nongold
43	heat means heat energy	nongold
44	metal rusts	gold
45	a surface is a part of an object	nongold
46	friction causes speed to decrease	nongold
47	extreme means very high in value	nongold
48	hitting something causes harm to that something	nongold
49	Base your answer on the information below and on your knowledge of science. A baseball strikes the roof of a car and dents it. The paint on the roof begins to crack and chip, exposing the metal. The exposed metal on the roof rusts, eventually causing a small hole in the roof. Which event is a chemical change?	question
50	rusting means forming rust	gold
51	combining; mixing two substances chemically causes chemical reactions	nongold
52	rust forming is a kind of chemical change	gold
53	to change means to cause a change	nongold
54	to cause an event is similar to being involved in that event	nongold
