0	to move away means to increase distance	nongold
1	a star requires energy	nongold
2	sight means to see	nongold
3	From Earth, we see the sun in the day sky and other stars in the night sky. Nighttime stars look like tiny points of light. Which statement explains why nighttime stars appear so much smaller than the sun?	question
4	moving away from the source increases the distance	nongold
5	the Earth rotating on its axis causes  stars; the Moon to appear to move across the sky at night	nongold
6	close means low in distance	gold
7	far is the opposite of close	gold
8	small is the opposite of large	gold
9	low is similar to decrease	gold
10	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	gold
11	daytime means day	nongold
12	night is low in light; in visibility	nongold
13	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	gold
14	largest means greatest in size	nongold
15	stars appear to move relative to the horizon during the night	nongold
16	nighttime means night	nongold
17	as distance from an object decreases , that object will appear larger	gold
18	From Earth, we see the sun in the day sky and other stars in the night sky. Nighttime stars look like tiny points of light. Which statement explains why nighttime stars appear so much smaller than the sun?	question
19	From Earth, we see the sun in the day sky and other stars in the night sky. Nighttime stars look like tiny points of light. Which statement explains why nighttime stars appear so much smaller than the sun?	question
20	The stars are much farther away.	answer
21	when things erode , those things may become smaller	nongold
22	greater means higher; more in value	nongold
23	as the size of a source of light increases , that source of light will appear brighter	nongold
24	the stars in the night sky are very far away from the Earth	gold
25	close means low in distance	gold
26	The stars are much farther away.	answer
27	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	nongold
28	toward is the opposite of away	nongold
29	The stars are much farther away.	answer
30	the sun is not a star in the night sky	nongold
31	far is the opposite of close	gold
32	seeing is used for sensing visual things	nongold
33	the Moon is closer to the Earth than the Sun	nongold
34	small is the opposite of large	gold
35	looking like is similar to camouflaging as	nongold
36	to move toward means to move nearer	nongold
37	seeing requires light	nongold
38	shorter means smaller; less in  height	nongold
39	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	gold
40	small is the opposite of large	gold
41	how something  appears is how that something  looks	nongold
42	furthest; farthest means greatest; most; highest in distance	nongold
43	the stars in the night sky are very far away from the Earth	gold
44	if an object is close then that object will appear large	nongold
45	stars are located light years apart from each other	nongold
46	as distance from an object decreases , that object will appear larger	gold
47	as distance from an object decreases , the the pull of gravity on that object increases	nongold
48	low is similar to decrease	gold
49	as distance from an object decreases , that object will appear larger	gold
50	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
51	as a source of light becomes closer , that source will appear brighter	nongold
52	The stars are much farther away.	answer
53	the sunlight occurs during the day	nongold
54	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
55	larger; bigger is the opposite of smaller	nongold
56	viewing means observing light	nongold
57	the stars in the night sky are very far away from the Earth	gold
58	decreasing is similar to becoming smaller	nongold
59	low is similar to decrease	gold
60	eyes are usually part of an animal for seeing	nongold
61	away is a kind of direction	nongold
62	far is the opposite of close	gold
63	close means low in distance	gold
64	From Earth, we see the sun in the day sky and other stars in the night sky. Nighttime stars look like tiny points of light. Which statement explains why nighttime stars appear so much smaller than the sun?	question
65	gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction	nongold
