0	Nectar is a sweet liquid that some flowering plants produce. A hummingbird drinks nectar from a flower. When a hummingbird drinks nectar, pollen from the flower sticks to the hummingbird's beak. The picture shows a hummingbird drinking nectar from a flower. Which statement explains the role of a hummingbird in the life cycle of a flowering plant?	question
1	Nectar is a sweet liquid that some flowering plants produce. A hummingbird drinks nectar from a flower. When a hummingbird drinks nectar, pollen from the flower sticks to the hummingbird's beak. The picture shows a hummingbird drinking nectar from a flower. Which statement explains the role of a hummingbird in the life cycle of a flowering plant?	question
2	A bird is a pollinating animal	gold
3	better means good	nongold
4	pollination is when pollinating animals; wind; water carry pollen from one flower to another flower	gold
5	pollination is a kind of process for plant reproduction	gold
6	A hummingbird helps the plant reproduce.	answer
7	pollination is when pollinating animals; wind; water carry pollen from one flower to another flower	gold
8	a hummingbird is a kind of bird	gold
9	producing is a kind of function	nongold
10	a flower is a kind of object	nongold
11	A hummingbird helps the plant reproduce.	answer
12	a hummingbird is a kind of animal	nongold
13	when pollen sticks to a hummingbird , that pollen will move to where the hummingbird moves	gold
14	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
15	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
16	pollen is part of a flower for reproduction	gold
17	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
18	pollen is part of a flower for reproduction	gold
19	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
20	In the flowering plant life cycle , flowering is part of reproduction	nongold
21	a hummingbird is a kind of bird	gold
22	In the flowering plant life cycle , pollination can follow flowering	nongold
23	pollen is part of a flower for reproduction	gold
24	if an object; a substance makes something then that object; that substance is a source of that thing	nongold
25	reproduction is a stage in the life cycle process	gold
26	when pollen sticks to a hummingbird , that pollen will move to where the hummingbird moves	gold
27	a bird is a kind of living thing	nongold
28	pollination is when pollinating animals; wind; water carry pollen from one flower to another flower	gold
29	In the flowering plant life cycle , reproduction can follow growth	nongold
30	producer is a kind of role in the food chain process; in an ecosystem	nongold
31	when pollen sticks to a hummingbird , that pollen will move to where the hummingbird moves	gold
32	a process usually requires all of the stages in that process	nongold
33	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
34	pollination is a kind of process for plant reproduction	gold
35	role is similar to importance	nongold
36	to carry means to move something	gold
37	a beak is a part of a bird	nongold
38	An insect is a pollinating animal	nongold
39	pollination is a kind of process for plant reproduction	gold
40	to carry means to move something	gold
41	reproduction is a stage in the life cycle process	gold
42	pollinated means after pollination	nongold
43	A hummingbird helps the plant reproduce.	answer
44	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
45	Nectar is a sweet liquid that some flowering plants produce. A hummingbird drinks nectar from a flower. When a hummingbird drinks nectar, pollen from the flower sticks to the hummingbird's beak. The picture shows a hummingbird drinking nectar from a flower. Which statement explains the role of a hummingbird in the life cycle of a flowering plant?	question
46	requiring is similar to needing help	nongold
47	A bird is a pollinating animal	gold
48	producing is similar to causing	nongold
49	good means positive	nongold
50	to help means to aid	nongold
51	a part of a process means a stage in a process	nongold
52	to carry means to move something	gold
53	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
54	a beverage is a kind of liquid	nongold
55	organisms move through the stages of the life cycle	nongold
56	A hummingbird helps the plant reproduce.	answer
57	reproduction is a stage in the life cycle process	gold
58	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
59	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
60	a flower is a source of nectar	nongold
61	part means role	nongold
62	A bird is a pollinating animal	gold
63	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
64	Nectar is a sweet liquid that some flowering plants produce. A hummingbird drinks nectar from a flower. When a hummingbird drinks nectar, pollen from the flower sticks to the hummingbird's beak. The picture shows a hummingbird drinking nectar from a flower. Which statement explains the role of a hummingbird in the life cycle of a flowering plant?	question
65	a hummingbird is a kind of bird	gold
66	plant reproduction; seed production requires pollination	nongold
67	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
