0	falling means height decreases	gold
1	falling means height decreases	gold
2	gas is a kind of substance	nongold
3	rising means height; altitude increases	gold
4	size; amount of space means volume	nongold
5	shrinking decreases size	nongold
6	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
7	glass is a kind of solid at room temperature	gold
8	Colored alcohol is used in some glass thermometers. When placed in air of different temperatures, the column of alcohol rises or falls in the glass thermometer. Which of the following best explains why the height of the alcohol column changes?	question
9	a container contains objects; material; substances	nongold
10	a barometer is used to measure air pressure	nongold
11	an increase is a kind of change	gold
12	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
13	rising means height; altitude increases	gold
14	heating means adding heat	nongold
15	low is the opposite of high	nongold
16	rising means height; altitude increases	gold
17	heat means heat energy	nongold
18	when metal conducts heat , that metal expands	nongold
19	color is a property of  an object; a material	nongold
20	below means lower down	nongold
21	hot means high in heat energy; temperature	nongold
22	The alcohol expands more than the glass when heated.	answer
23	liquids expand more than solids when heated	gold
24	alcohol is a kind of liquid	gold
25	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
26	rising is a kind of motion	nongold
27	liquids expand more than solids when heated	gold
28	low means down	nongold
29	heat means temperature increases	nongold
30	The alcohol expands more than the glass when heated.	answer
31	Colored alcohol is used in some glass thermometers. When placed in air of different temperatures, the column of alcohol rises or falls in the glass thermometer. Which of the following best explains why the height of the alcohol column changes?	question
32	a thermometer is a kind of instrument for measuring temperature	gold
33	glass is a kind of solid at room temperature	gold
34	Colored alcohol is used in some glass thermometers. When placed in air of different temperatures, the column of alcohol rises or falls in the glass thermometer. Which of the following best explains why the height of the alcohol column changes?	question
35	thermal expansion is a property of matter and includes ordered values of high; low	nongold
36	temperature is a property of weather	nongold
37	alcohol is a kind of liquid	gold
38	Colored alcohol is used in some glass thermometers. When placed in air of different temperatures, the column of alcohol rises or falls in the glass thermometer. Which of the following best explains why the height of the alcohol column changes?	question
39	The alcohol expands more than the glass when heated.	answer
40	falling means height decreases	gold
41	to travel up means to rise	nongold
42	extreme means very high in value	nongold
43	as the liquid in a tube expands , the height of  the liquid in that tube will increase	gold
44	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	nongold
45	as the liquid in a tube expands , the height of  the liquid in that tube will increase	gold
46	matter with variable volume and shape assumes; expands to fill; takes the shape and size of its entire container	nongold
47	a thermometer is a kind of instrument for measuring temperature	gold
48	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
49	tall means great in height	nongold
50	variable means able to change	nongold
51	low is similar to decrease	nongold
52	an increase is a kind of change	gold
53	the air is a kind of substance	nongold
54	a thermometer is a kind of instrument for measuring temperature	gold
55	an increase is a kind of change	gold
56	adding heat means increasing temperature	nongold
57	a barometer is a kind of instrument for measuring air pressure	nongold
58	a liquid is a kind of substance	nongold
59	atmosphere means  air	nongold
60	closer means lower; less; a decrease in distance	nongold
61	alcohol is a kind of liquid	gold
62	air temperature is a kind of temperature	nongold
63	glass is a kind of solid at room temperature	gold
64	increasing heat causes thermal expansion	nongold
65	to lower means to decrease	nongold
66	The alcohol expands more than the glass when heated.	answer
67	liquids expand more than solids when heated	gold
68	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
69	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
70	as the liquid in a tube expands , the height of  the liquid in that tube will increase	gold
