0	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
1	a lack of something that a living thing requires prevents the survival of that living thing	nongold
2	species means a group of like organisms	nongold
3	the increase of something required by an organism has a positive impact on that organism's survival	nongold
4	death means to die	nongold
5	die out means become extinct	gold
6	to happen means to occur	nongold
7	fewest means lowest; least in number	nongold
8	if something causes an increase in something else then that something produces that something else	nongold
9	to lack means to not have	nongold
10	as the ability to survive; ability to reproduce of a living thing increases , the likelyhood of  passing on its traits to its decendents will increase	nongold
11	able is the opposite of unable	nongold
12	lack is similar to low; little	nongold
13	die out means become extinct	gold
14	if all members of a species cannot produce offspring then that species will likely become extinct	gold
15	low is similar to decrease	nongold
16	negative impacts on a species will decrease populations of a species	nongold
17	reproduction produces; produce offspring	gold
18	Some animals are very rare. For example, there are very few Siberian tigers. If the only Siberian tigers left are female, what will most likely happen?	question
19	to prey on an animal means to eat that animal	nongold
20	an animal needs to eat food for nutrients	nongold
21	as population of predators increases , the population of prey will decrease in an environment	nongold
22	a tiger is a kind of animal	gold
23	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
24	more likely means increased likelihood	nongold
25	nonliving; non-living; die is the opposite of living; alive; live	nongold
26	die out means become extinct	gold
27	reproduction produces; produce offspring	gold
28	The females will not be able to produce more Siberian tigers, and they will die out.	answer
29	Some animals are very rare. For example, there are very few Siberian tigers. If the only Siberian tigers left are female, what will most likely happen?	question
30	a tiger is a kind of animal	gold
31	if a new predator begins eating prey then the population of that prey will decrease	nongold
32	out is synonymous with outside	nongold
33	most predators live in; live near the same environment as their prey	nongold
34	trait is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
35	if something has a negative impact on the survival of an organism then that organism may be unable to survive	nongold
36	producing is similar to causing	nongold
37	eating an animal; a plant means killing that animal; that plant	nongold
38	an animal is a member of an animal species	gold
39	Some animals are very rare. For example, there are very few Siberian tigers. If the only Siberian tigers left are female, what will most likely happen?	question
40	survive means live	nongold
41	The females will not be able to produce more Siberian tigers, and they will die out.	answer
42	a predator eats other animals for food	nongold
43	as the cause of something decreases , that something will decrease	nongold
44	an animal is a member of an animal species	gold
45	if all members of a species cannot produce offspring then that species will likely become extinct	gold
46	a tiger is a kind of animal	gold
47	living things can all reproduce	nongold
48	an animal is a member of an animal species	gold
49	killing means harming something causing death	nongold
50	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
51	a predator is a kind of animal	nongold
52	The females will not be able to produce more Siberian tigers, and they will die out.	answer
53	The females will not be able to produce more Siberian tigers, and they will die out.	answer
54	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
55	In the mammal life cycle , death can follow reproduction	nongold
56	if all members of a species cannot produce offspring then that species will likely become extinct	gold
57	predators eat prey	nongold
58	Some animals are very rare. For example, there are very few Siberian tigers. If the only Siberian tigers left are female, what will most likely happen?	question
59	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
60	reproduction produces; produce offspring	gold
