0	living things can all reproduce	nongold
1	A student observes cells in an object by using a microscope. The student thinks that the object was part of a living thing. Which statement explains why cell theory can be used to support the student's thinking?	question
2	microscopic means very small in size	nongold
3	a structure of something is synonymous with a part of that something	nongold
4	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
5	if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material	nongold
6	eyes are a part of a human for seeing	nongold
7	A student observes cells in an object by using a microscope. The student thinks that the object was part of a living thing. Which statement explains why cell theory can be used to support the student's thinking?	question
8	A student observes cells in an object by using a microscope. The student thinks that the object was part of a living thing. Which statement explains why cell theory can be used to support the student's thinking?	question
9	A student observes cells in an object by using a microscope. The student thinks that the object was part of a living thing. Which statement explains why cell theory can be used to support the student's thinking?	question
10	to be a combination of means to be made of	nongold
11	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	gold
12	a human cell is a kind of cell	nongold
13	organisms mean life	nongold
14	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
15	Cell theory states that all living things are made of cells.	answer
16	all living things are made of cells according to the cell theory	gold
17	all living things are made of cells according to the cell theory	gold
18	nonliving; non-living; die is the opposite of living; alive; live	nongold
19	Cell theory states that all living things are made of cells.	answer
20	a mammal is a kind of animal	nongold
21	size is a property of objects and includes ordered values of microscopic; tiny; small; medium; large	nongold
22	basic life functions occur in the cells of organisms	nongold
23	nonliving things are not made of cells	nongold
24	Cell theory states that all living things are made of cells.	answer
25	a living thing is made of cells	gold
26	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	gold
27	life means living things	nongold
28	a whole is formed by its parts	nongold
29	if two things are made from the same objects; material then those two things are similar	nongold
30	a part of a living thing is a natural structure	nongold
31	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
32	a physical property is a kind of property	nongold
33	made up of means contains; made of	nongold
34	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
35	observe means see	nongold
36	can be means able to be	nongold
37	the cell is the most basic structural unit of life	nongold
38	all living things are made of cells according to the cell theory	gold
39	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
40	magnifying makes seeing small things easier through using a magnifying glass; using a microscope	nongold
41	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	gold
42	organs are made of different types of  cellular tissues	nongold
43	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
44	Cell theory states that all living things are made of cells.	answer
45	an organism is a living thing	nongold
46	a theory is a kind of scientific term	nongold
47	a living thing is made of cells	gold
48	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
49	a living thing is made of cells	gold
50	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	nongold
51	an electron microscope is used for seeing very small objects by making them appear bigger	nongold
52	if a cell can not specialize then that cell must perform all life functions	nongold
53	all living things have life cycles	nongold
54	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
