0	the sun sets in the west	nongold
1	how something  appears is how that something  looks	nongold
2	rotate is similar to revolve	nongold
3	One evening as it is getting dark, Alex sits on the front porch and watches the sun slowly disappear behind the neighbor's house across the street. Which explains this observation?	question
4	the Earth revolving around the Sun causes the seasons to change; to occur on its axis	nongold
5	moving is similar to travelling	nongold
6	constant means not changing	nongold
7	the moon rotates on its axis	nongold
8	the sun is the source of solar energy called sunlight	nongold
9	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
10	The sun appears to move due to Earth's rotation.	answer
11	disappeared is similar to gone	nongold
12	to disappear behind means to move behind	gold
13	movement is a kind of change	nongold
14	variable means able to change	nongold
15	One evening as it is getting dark, Alex sits on the front porch and watches the sun slowly disappear behind the neighbor's house across the street. Which explains this observation?	question
16	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
17	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
18	disappearing is similar to decreasing	nongold
19	rotation  is  the  circular movement of an object around a center; axis	nongold
20	turning is a kind of motion	nongold
21	speed up means increase	nongold
22	the sun rising and setting causes cycles of day and night	nongold
23	to rotate means to complete a rotation	nongold
24	due to means caused by	gold
25	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
26	a planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet	nongold
27	due to means caused by	gold
28	to see means to look	nongold
29	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
30	a rotation is a kind of movement	nongold
31	to disappear behind means to move behind	gold
32	extreme means very high in value	nongold
33	One evening as it is getting dark, Alex sits on the front porch and watches the sun slowly disappear behind the neighbor's house across the street. Which explains this observation?	question
34	One evening as it is getting dark, Alex sits on the front porch and watches the sun slowly disappear behind the neighbor's house across the street. Which explains this observation?	question
35	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	nongold
36	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	nongold
37	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
38	low is similar to decrease	nongold
39	high is similar to increase	nongold
40	to disappear behind means to move behind	gold
41	dark means a low amount of light	nongold
42	The sun appears to move due to Earth's rotation.	answer
43	observe means see	nongold
44	a motion is a kind of event; action	nongold
45	Earth's rotation causes time zones	nongold
46	setting is a kind of motion	nongold
47	The sun appears to move due to Earth's rotation.	answer
48	The sun appears to move due to Earth's rotation.	answer
49	if a human is on a rotating planet then other celestial bodies will appear to move from that human's perspective due to  the rotation of that planet	nongold
50	due to means caused by	gold
51	the Earth rotates on its axis	nongold
52	a house is a kind of home	nongold
53	revolving is a kind of motion	nongold
54	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
