0	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
1	flowing is a kind of action	nongold
2	if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past	gold
3	place means area	gold
4	Scientists dig in a dry area at the bottom of a mountain range. Fossilized shells of freshwater mussels are found in the area. Which is a likely conclusion that scientists will draw based on this evidence?	question
5	fossils are formed when layers of sediment cover the remains of organisms over time	nongold
6	a mountain is a kind of landform	nongold
7	fossil means preserved remains of ancient organisms	nongold
8	something that contains water is similar to a body of water	nongold
9	an aquatic animal is a kind of animal	nongold
10	place means area	gold
11	to conclude means to make a conclusion	nongold
12	sediment falls to the bottom of bodies of water	nongold
13	a body of water is a source of water	nongold
14	scientists make observations	nongold
15	area is similar to location	nongold
16	a river is a kind of channel for water	nongold
17	if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past	gold
18	a river is a kind of flowing body of water	gold
19	Scientists dig in a dry area at the bottom of a mountain range. Fossilized shells of freshwater mussels are found in the area. Which is a likely conclusion that scientists will draw based on this evidence?	question
20	objects in an environment are a part of that environment	nongold
21	a valley is formed by a river flowing	nongold
22	a river is a kind of flowing body of water	gold
23	a river is a kind of flowing body of water	gold
24	Rivers once flowed through the area.	answer
25	place means area	gold
26	no longer means used to be	nongold
27	mountain area means mountain range	nongold
28	groundwater is a kind of water	nongold
29	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	gold
30	organisms are a part of an environment	nongold
31	ancient means a long time in the past	nongold
32	if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past	gold
33	Scientists dig in a dry area at the bottom of a mountain range. Fossilized shells of freshwater mussels are found in the area. Which is a likely conclusion that scientists will draw based on this evidence?	question
34	drying means amount of water; amount of liquid; wetness decreases	nongold
35	a mussel is a kind of water animal	gold
36	Rivers once flowed through the area.	answer
37	a region is a kind of location	nongold
38	freshwater is a kind of water	nongold
39	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
40	Rivers once flowed through the area.	answer
41	a mussel is a kind of water animal	gold
42	a mountain range contains mountains	nongold
43	aquatic animal means water animal	nongold
44	a mussel is a kind of water animal	gold
45	if something does not move then that something can be found in the same location	nongold
46	mussels eat plankton	nongold
47	a body of water is a kind of environment	nongold
48	water is a kind of substance	nongold
49	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	gold
50	a lake is a kind of body of water	nongold
51	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	gold
52	the bottom is the lowest part of something	nongold
53	a landform is a kind of place	nongold
54	a body of water is a kind of land feature	nongold
55	a shell is a kind of fossil	nongold
56	a mountain is a kind of land feature	nongold
57	Scientists dig in a dry area at the bottom of a mountain range. Fossilized shells of freshwater mussels are found in the area. Which is a likely conclusion that scientists will draw based on this evidence?	question
58	concluding is a kind of action	nongold
59	Rivers once flowed through the area.	answer
60	once means one time	nongold
