0	An example of mechanical energy is an object in motion	nongold
1	The kinetic energy increases and the potential energy decreases.	answer
2	The kinetic energy increases and the potential energy decreases.	answer
3	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
4	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
5	wheels are a part of a car	nongold
6	An example of an object with kinetic energy is an object in motion	nongold
7	temperature is a measure of kinetic energy of molecules	nongold
8	The kinetic energy increases and the potential energy decreases.	answer
9	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
10	potential energy means stored energy	gold
11	measuring is used for describing an object	nongold
12	as an object moves down , potential energy will decrease	gold
13	if something causes an increase in something else then that something produces that something else	nongold
14	low means down	nongold
15	Sam builds a ramp and lets a toy car roll down. Which describes the energy of the car as it rolls down the ramp?	question
16	rolling is a kind of motion	gold
17	affected means changed	nongold
18	a roll is a kind of movement	nongold
19	as the power of the force exerted on an object increases , the speed with which that object is moved will increase	nongold
20	gravitational potential energy is a kind of potential energy	nongold
21	a motion is a kind of event; action	nongold
22	The kinetic energy increases and the potential energy decreases.	answer
23	Sam builds a ramp and lets a toy car roll down. Which describes the energy of the car as it rolls down the ramp?	question
24	movement is a kind of change	nongold
25	as an object falls , the potential energy of that object will decrease	nongold
26	as an object moves down , potential energy will decrease	gold
27	a vehicle is a kind of object	nongold
28	as the altitude increases , the gravity will decrease	nongold
29	counter means reduce; stop; resist	nongold
30	rolling is a kind of motion	gold
31	Sam builds a ramp and lets a toy car roll down. Which describes the energy of the car as it rolls down the ramp?	question
32	as the speed of an object increases , the force that object exerts will increase	nongold
33	mechanical energy can  cause objects to move	nongold
34	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
35	as the kinetic energy of particles increases , the particles will move faster	nongold
36	rolling is a kind of motion	gold
37	a car is a kind of object	gold
38	a car is a kind of object	gold
39	falling means moving downward	nongold
40	can be means able to be	nongold
41	as the  amount of heat energy of a substance; of an object decreases , the amount of kinetic energy will decrease	nongold
42	kinetic energy is a kind of mechanical energy	nongold
43	potential is a kind of ability	nongold
44	motion is a source of kinetic energy in an object	gold
45	motion is a source of kinetic energy in an object	gold
46	increase means more	nongold
47	travel means to move	nongold
48	gravity accelerates an object while that object falls by pulling on it	nongold
49	if one surface is moved against; moved over; moved down another surface then those surfaces are touching	nongold
50	motion is a source of kinetic energy in an object	gold
51	a car is a kind of object	gold
52	Sam builds a ramp and lets a toy car roll down. Which describes the energy of the car as it rolls down the ramp?	question
53	as an object moves down , potential energy will decrease	gold
54	potential energy means stored energy	gold
55	potential energy is a kind of energy	nongold
56	up means upward	nongold
57	potential energy means stored energy	gold
58	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	nongold
59	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
60	moving is similar to travelling	nongold
