0	a worm is a kind of decomposer	nongold
1	to change means to cause a change	nongold
2	skin is a part of an animal; plant	gold
3	all living things grow	nongold
4	skin is a part of an animal; plant	gold
5	skin is a part of an animal; plant	gold
6	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
7	a farmer is a kind of human	nongold
8	as the ability to survive; ability to reproduce of a living thing increases , the likelyhood of  passing on its traits to its decendents will increase	nongold
9	coloration means a thing's color	nongold
10	a worm is a kind of living thing	nongold
11	a crop is a kind of food	nongold
12	feature is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
13	spot means location	nongold
14	Steven went to a farm and picked a bright red tomato from a broken branch on the plant. The tomato had a rotten spot with a worm inside of it. Instead of eating the tomato, Steven decided to plant the seeds and grow new tomato plants. Which characteristic of the tomato plant is inherited and could change over several generations?	question
15	if an animal's skin is a certain color then that animal is that color	nongold
16	a tomato plant is a kind of plant	gold
17	the condition of parts of an organism are acquired characteristics	nongold
18	color of the skin	answer
19	a tomato plant is a kind of plant	gold
20	the colors of parts of an organism are inherited characteristics	gold
21	to change means to become different	nongold
22	food is what an animal eats	nongold
23	a worm is a kind of animal	nongold
24	a worm has a tube-like body	nongold
25	the type of seed of a plant is an inherited characteristic	nongold
26	Steven went to a farm and picked a bright red tomato from a broken branch on the plant. The tomato had a rotten spot with a worm inside of it. Instead of eating the tomato, Steven decided to plant the seeds and grow new tomato plants. Which characteristic of the tomato plant is inherited and could change over several generations?	question
27	species is an inherited characteristic	nongold
28	inherited characteristics can change over several generations	gold
29	the colors of parts of an organism are inherited characteristics	gold
30	if an animal's skin looks like something then that animal looks like that something	nongold
31	genetic variation is similar to trait variation	nongold
32	the colors of parts of an organism are inherited characteristics	gold
33	new means different from the former one	nongold
34	a plant is a kind of organism	gold
35	eating an animal; a plant means killing that animal; that plant	nongold
36	a seed is a part of a plant	nongold
37	trait is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
38	spots are a part of some organisms	nongold
39	unique  is the opposite of diverse	nongold
40	inherited characteristics can change over several generations	gold
41	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
42	coloration means a pattern of colors	nongold
43	a farmer farms crops; plants for  food	nongold
44	color of the skin	answer
45	a plant is a kind of organism	gold
46	a vegetable is a kind of plant	nongold
47	inherited characteristics can change over several generations	gold
48	a tomato plant is a kind of plant	gold
49	skin is a kind of organ	nongold
50	an earthworm is a kind of animal	nongold
51	what an object is made of is a kind of characteristic	nongold
52	Steven went to a farm and picked a bright red tomato from a broken branch on the plant. The tomato had a rotten spot with a worm inside of it. Instead of eating the tomato, Steven decided to plant the seeds and grow new tomato plants. Which characteristic of the tomato plant is inherited and could change over several generations?	question
53	color of the skin	answer
54	color of the skin	answer
55	a plant is a kind of organism	gold
56	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
57	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
58	if an organism passes on its traits then future generations will have those traits	nongold
59	red is a kind of color	nongold
60	Steven went to a farm and picked a bright red tomato from a broken branch on the plant. The tomato had a rotten spot with a worm inside of it. Instead of eating the tomato, Steven decided to plant the seeds and grow new tomato plants. Which characteristic of the tomato plant is inherited and could change over several generations?	question
