0	shrinking decreases size	nongold
1	both means two	nongold
2	larger is a kind of difference	nongold
3	bright means a lot of light	nongold
4	a star produces light and heat	gold
5	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
6	far means great in distance	nongold
7	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	gold
8	expand means increase in size	nongold
9	a star produces light and heat	gold
10	if a star runs out of hydrogen , it becomes hotter; more luminous	nongold
11	low is the opposite of high	gold
12	less is similar to decrease	gold
13	as a source of light becomes closer , that source will appear brighter	gold
14	an increase is a kind of change	gold
15	An astronomer is studying two stars that are the same distance from Earth. Star X appears brighter than star Y. Which statement best explains this observation?	question
16	high is similar to increase	gold
17	high is similar to increase	gold
18	mass is similar to size	nongold
19	closer means lower; less; a decrease in distance	gold
20	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	nongold
21	closer means lower; less; a decrease in distance	gold
22	a star produces light and heat	gold
23	a decrease is a kind of change	gold
24	astronomy is the study of celestial (objects, bodies)	nongold
25	definite is the opposite of variable	nongold
26	higher means greater; above in value; amount; number	nongold
27	An astronomer is studying two stars that are the same distance from Earth. Star X appears brighter than star Y. Which statement best explains this observation?	question
28	dimmer means less bright	nongold
29	length is a part of size	nongold
30	Star X is larger than star Y.	answer
31	to change means to become different	gold
32	a decrease is a kind of change	gold
33	another means different	nongold
34	different is the opposite of the same	gold
35	smaller means less; lower in size	nongold
36	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	gold
37	an increase is a kind of change	gold
38	Star X is larger than star Y.	answer
39	massive is similar to large	nongold
40	as the size of a source of light increases , that source of light will appear brighter	gold
41	to change means to become different	gold
42	size is an extensive property	nongold
43	greatest means largest; highest; most amount of something	nongold
44	near; close is the opposite of far; away	nongold
45	sunlight is a kind of light	nongold
46	bright means bright; light in color	nongold
47	less is similar to decrease	gold
48	as the amount of a source of something decreases , the amount of that something will decrease	nongold
49	a decrease is a kind of change	gold
50	as a source of light becomes closer , that source will appear brighter	gold
51	stars can be classified by temperature; color; chemical composition; brightness	nongold
52	different is the opposite of the same	gold
53	low is the opposite of high	gold
54	to lower means to decrease	nongold
55	brightness means amount of light	nongold
56	opposite is a kind of different	nongold
57	an increase is a kind of change	gold
58	as the size of a source of light increases , that source of light will appear brighter	gold
59	different is the opposite of the same	gold
60	low is the opposite of high	gold
61	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	gold
62	as the size of a source of something increases , the amount of the something that that source produces will decrease	nongold
63	as a source of light becomes closer , that source will appear brighter	gold
64	Star X is larger than star Y.	answer
65	the properties of something are used for describing that something	nongold
66	as distance from a source of light increases , that source of  light will appear dimmer	nongold
67	as the cause of something decreases , that something will decrease	nongold
68	less is similar to decrease	gold
69	the Sun has average brightness compared to other stars	nongold
70	closer means lower; less; a decrease in distance	gold
71	as the size of a source of light increases , that source of light will appear brighter	gold
72	An astronomer is studying two stars that are the same distance from Earth. Star X appears brighter than star Y. Which statement best explains this observation?	question
73	Star X is larger than star Y.	answer
74	to change means to become different	gold
75	An astronomer is studying two stars that are the same distance from Earth. Star X appears brighter than star Y. Which statement best explains this observation?	question
76	two objects are usually different in size	nongold
77	high is similar to increase	gold
78	greater means higher; more in value	nongold
