0	shape is a property of an object	gold
1	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
2	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
3	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	nongold
4	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
5	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
6	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
7	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
8	to group means to separate	nongold
9	grouping means putting; placing in different groups	gold
10	a leaf performs photosynthesis; gas exchange	nongold
11	when a plant grows , the size of; number of the leaves of that plant may increase	nongold
12	a leaf is a kind of object	gold
13	classifying	answer
14	structure is a property of an object; a material; a substance	nongold
15	classifying	answer
16	shape is a property of an object	gold
17	a student is a kind of human	nongold
18	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
19	form means kind	nongold
20	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
21	studying is similar to investigating	nongold
22	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	nongold
23	variability of shape; variability of volume is a property of matter and includes values of variable; definite	nongold
24	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
25	species means a group of like organisms	nongold
26	classifying	answer
27	leaves changing color is a kind of process	nongold
28	to change means to become different	nongold
29	classify is similar to characterize	nongold
30	an organism is a living thing	nongold
31	to belong to a group means to be a kind of something	nongold
32	human is similar to individual	nongold
33	trees of different species have differently shaped leaves	nongold
34	to tell the difference between things means to classify those things	nongold
35	a tree is a kind of plant	nongold
36	a leaf is a part of a  green plant	nongold
37	classifying	answer
38	color is a kind of physical; visual property	nongold
39	a plant is a member of a plant species	nongold
40	studying  something usually requires seeing that something	nongold
41	classifying is a kind of science process	gold
42	variety means different kinds; different types	nongold
43	classifying is a kind of science process	gold
44	a leaf is a kind of object	gold
45	classifying is a kind of science process	gold
46	classification is a kind of process	nongold
47	each is similar to individual	nongold
48	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
49	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
50	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
51	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
52	affected means changed	nongold
53	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
54	grouping means putting; placing in different groups	gold
55	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
56	grouping means putting; placing in different groups	gold
57	a leaf is a kind of object	gold
58	shape is a property of an object	gold
59	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
