0	shape is a property of an object	gold
1	classify is similar to characterize	nongold
2	grouping means putting; placing in different groups	gold
3	a leaf is a kind of object	gold
4	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	nongold
5	shape is a property of an object	gold
6	classifying	answer
7	together means in a group	nongold
8	if two organisms are more closely related , then the two  organisms will be classifed in a class	nongold
9	a leaf is a part of a tree	nongold
10	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
11	a leaf performs photosynthesis; gas exchange	nongold
12	form means kind	nongold
13	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
14	a process is a kind of event	nongold
15	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
16	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
17	category means kind	nongold
18	shape is a kind of physical property	nongold
19	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
20	classifying is a kind of science process	gold
21	the properties of something can be used to identify; used to describe that something	nongold
22	plant parts are made of plants	nongold
23	the properties of something are used for describing that something	nongold
24	an event is a kind of action	nongold
25	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
26	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
27	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
28	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
29	to categorize means to classify	nongold
30	straight is a kind of shape	nongold
31	a leaf is a kind of plant	nongold
32	a tree is a kind of plant	nongold
33	shape is a property of the appearance of an object	nongold
34	to belong to a class means to be a kind of something	nongold
35	a person is a kind of animal	nongold
36	grouping means putting; placing in different groups	gold
37	grouping means putting; placing in different groups	gold
38	an object is made of its parts	nongold
39	Students are studying some leaves. They group the leaves by shape. Which science process are the students using when they put the leaves in different groups?	question
40	classifying is a kind of science process	gold
41	another means different	nongold
42	sorting is similar to classifying	nongold
43	the shape  of an object can be discovered through feeling that object; touching that object	nongold
44	unique  is the opposite of diverse	nongold
45	classifying is a kind of science process	gold
46	classifying	answer
47	if something is definite in shape then that something will not change shape easily	nongold
48	shape of the parts of something is a property of that something	nongold
49	shape is a kind of characteristic	nongold
50	classifying	answer
51	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
52	composition is a property of an object; matter	nongold
53	classifying	answer
54	a leaf is a kind of object	gold
55	a leaf is often green in color	nongold
56	a leaf is a kind of object	gold
57	to change means to become different	nongold
58	shape is a property of an object	gold
59	a tree is a kind of living thing	nongold
