0	On a warm sunny afternoon, ocean water splashed onto a rock. A short time later, the rock was dry. Which statement best explains what happened to the water on the rock?	question
1	a body of water is a source of water	nongold
2	wet is the opposite of dry	nongold
3	gas is a kind of substance	nongold
4	if an object; something is in the sunlight then that object; that something will absorb solar energy	gold
5	metal is a thermal; thermal energy conductor	nongold
6	drying means amount of water; amount of liquid; wetness decreases	gold
7	if a hot object; substance is exposed to; touches a cold object; substance then that object; that substance will likely cool	nongold
8	liquid is a kind of state of matter	nongold
9	adding heat means increasing temperature	gold
10	On a warm sunny afternoon, ocean water splashed onto a rock. A short time later, the rock was dry. Which statement best explains what happened to the water on the rock?	question
11	heat means heat energy	nongold
12	dry means low in amount of water; wetness; moisture	gold
13	adding heat means increasing temperature	gold
14	warm up means increase temperature	nongold
15	to lower means to decrease	nongold
16	Heat caused the water to become a gas.	answer
17	solar energy is a kind of heat energy	gold
18	On a warm sunny afternoon, ocean water splashed onto a rock. A short time later, the rock was dry. Which statement best explains what happened to the water on the rock?	question
19	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
20	to add means to increase	nongold
21	drying means amount of water; amount of liquid; wetness decreases	gold
22	absorbing sunlight causes objects to heat	gold
23	to turn means to change	nongold
24	if an object; something is in the sunlight then that object; that something will absorb solar energy	gold
25	sublimation means matter; a substance changes from a solid into a gas by increasing heat energy	nongold
26	On a warm sunny afternoon, ocean water splashed onto a rock. A short time later, the rock was dry. Which statement best explains what happened to the water on the rock?	question
27	an object moving from a cool place to a warm place causes the object's temperature to increase	nongold
28	temperature is a measure of heat energy	gold
29	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	nongold
30	cooling;colder means removing;reducing;decreasing heat;temperature	nongold
31	water is a kind of object	nongold
32	water is a kind of substance	gold
33	heating means adding heat	gold
34	absorbance is when a wave absorbs at; stops at a surface	nongold
35	dry means low in amount of water; wetness; moisture	gold
36	solar energy is a kind of heat energy	gold
37	the sun is a source of radiation; heat called sunlight	nongold
38	temperature is a measure of heat energy	gold
39	if an object; something is in the sunlight then that object; that something will absorb solar energy	gold
40	absorbing sunlight causes objects to heat	gold
41	boiling;evaporation means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a gas by increasing heat energy	gold
42	Heat caused the water to become a gas.	answer
43	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
44	absorbing sunlight causes objects to heat	gold
45	Heat caused the water to become a gas.	answer
46	heating means adding heat	gold
47	water is a kind of substance	gold
48	to wash away is a kind of movement by moving water	nongold
49	Heat caused the water to become a gas.	answer
50	dry means low in amount of water; wetness; moisture	gold
51	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	gold
52	gas is a kind of material	nongold
53	solar energy is a kind of heat energy	gold
54	washing out means being moved from  by water	nongold
55	heat means temperature increases	nongold
56	increase means more	nongold
57	An example of evaporation is a body of water drying up by absorbing heat energy	nongold
58	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	gold
59	boiling;evaporation means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a gas by increasing heat energy	gold
60	if water vapor is limited to reach a location , then that location    will be dry	nongold
61	a body of water contains water	nongold
62	heating means adding heat	gold
63	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
64	boiling;evaporation means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a gas by increasing heat energy	gold
65	a  gas is a kind of  element	nongold
66	high is similar to increase	nongold
67	variable means able to change	nongold
68	water is a kind of substance	gold
69	drying means amount of water; amount of liquid; wetness decreases	gold
70	gas is a kind of state of matter	nongold
71	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	gold
72	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	nongold
73	temperature is a measure of heat energy	gold
74	if something is places over a heat source then that something is exposed to that heat source	nongold
75	adding heat means increasing temperature	gold
