0	touching it	answer
1	category means kind	nongold
2	Mrs. Tucker gives her class samples of different soil types. Which action best helps Tanisha identify each soil type?	question
3	provide is similar to give; make	nongold
4	to rub; to rub together means to move against	nongold
5	good means positive	nongold
6	touching it	answer
7	the properties of something can be used to identify; used to describe that something	gold
8	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
9	flowing is a kind of action	nongold
10	an event is a kind of action	nongold
11	placing is a kind of action	nongold
12	often soil is found in an environment	nongold
13	concluding is a kind of action	nongold
14	different types of soil have different textures	gold
15	soil is a part of the ground outside	nongold
16	touching something means feeling that something	nongold
17	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	nongold
18	if one is holding an object then one is touching that object	nongold
19	high quality; rich; good soil has a high number of nutrients; amount of nitrogen	nongold
20	to touch means to contact	nongold
21	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
22	if one surface is moved against; moved over; moved down another surface then those surfaces are touching	nongold
23	the properties of something can be used to identify; used to describe that something	gold
24	soil is made of solid particles	nongold
25	helping means to assist in a change	nongold
26	a student is a kind of human	nongold
27	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
28	different types of soil have different textures	gold
29	different types of soil have different textures	gold
30	the shape  of an object can be discovered through feeling that object; touching that object	nongold
31	to be used  for something means to help to do that something	nongold
32	revolving is a kind of action	nongold
33	touching it	answer
34	the properties of something can be used to identify; used to describe that something	gold
35	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
36	to add means to increase	nongold
37	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
38	being  on something; placed in something; placed over something means touching  that something	nongold
39	touching it	answer
40	if a hot object; substance is exposed to; touches a cold object; substance then that object; that substance will likely cool	nongold
41	sitting is a kind of action	nongold
42	action means activity	nongold
43	soil is a kind of material	gold
44	actions mean behavior	nongold
45	Mrs. Tucker gives her class samples of different soil types. Which action best helps Tanisha identify each soil type?	question
46	Mrs. Tucker gives her class samples of different soil types. Which action best helps Tanisha identify each soil type?	question
47	transferring is similar to giving	nongold
48	to identify means to discover	nongold
49	bringing is a kind of action	nongold
50	soil is a kind of material	gold
51	the composition of something can be used to identify that something	nongold
52	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
53	Mrs. Tucker gives her class samples of different soil types. Which action best helps Tanisha identify each soil type?	question
54	soil is a kind of material	gold
