0	recent means close to present time	nongold
1	if studying something is used to learn about something then that something is a source of information	nongold
2	best means most positive	nongold
3	a process is a kind of event	nongold
4	studying is similar to investigating	nongold
5	developing means making	nongold
6	high is similar to increase	nongold
7	The technology used to study genes is still being developed.	answer
8	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
9	Researchers recently discovered a gene in humans that previously was unknown to science. Which statement best explains why the gene probably was not discovered much sooner?	question
10	scientific discoveries sometimes require specific technologies	gold
11	genetic information can be used for making proteins	nongold
12	Researchers recently discovered a gene in humans that previously was unknown to science. Which statement best explains why the gene probably was not discovered much sooner?	question
13	to identify means to discover	nongold
14	scientific discoveries sometimes require specific technologies	gold
15	inherited characteristics are a kind of hereditary information	nongold
16	scientists make observations	nongold
17	human is a kind of organism	nongold
18	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
19	to be found in means to be contained in	nongold
20	research is used for learning	nongold
21	a gene is a kind of unit of hereditary information	nongold
22	a chromosomes of a human contains thousands of genes	nongold
23	The technology used to study genes is still being developed.	answer
24	if a technology that is used to study something is still being developed then that something can not be discovered; studied	gold
25	if a technology that is used to study something is still being developed then that something can not be discovered; studied	gold
26	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
27	life means living things	nongold
28	genes is a vehicle for passing inherited characteristics from parent to offspring	nongold
29	genes can be used for classifying  organisms	nongold
30	an allele is a kind of gene	nongold
31	The technology used to study genes is still being developed.	answer
32	to study means to examine	nongold
33	a  chromosome contains genes	nongold
34	Researchers recently discovered a gene in humans that previously was unknown to science. Which statement best explains why the gene probably was not discovered much sooner?	question
35	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
36	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
37	hypothesis means scientific guess about the cause and effect of an event	nongold
38	found in means existing in	nongold
39	Researchers recently discovered a gene in humans that previously was unknown to science. Which statement best explains why the gene probably was not discovered much sooner?	question
40	The technology used to study genes is still being developed.	answer
41	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
42	a human cell is a kind of cell	nongold
43	if a technology that is used to study something is still being developed then that something can not be discovered; studied	gold
44	increase means more	nongold
45	can be means able to be	nongold
46	scientific discoveries sometimes require specific technologies	gold
47	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
48	if something is a part of something then that something can be found in that something	nongold
49	studying  something usually requires seeing that something	nongold
50	a human is a kind of mammal	nongold
51	an allele can be a recessive gene	nongold
