0	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
1	forming is similar to converting	nongold
2	solid is a kind of state of matter	nongold
3	chemical weathering	answer
4	chemical weathering causes iron in rock to oxidize	gold
5	the color of an environment means the color of the things that environment contains	nongold
6	Many natural rock formations change color over time. In Utah, for example, iron oxidized and formed red, orange, and yellow rock. Which of the following is the cause of this change?	question
7	blue is a kind of color	nongold
8	temperature changing does not cause color to change	nongold
9	when a metal rusts , that metal becomes orange; flaky on the surface	nongold
10	Many natural rock formations change color over time. In Utah, for example, iron oxidized and formed red, orange, and yellow rock. Which of the following is the cause of this change?	question
11	weathering occurs at the surface of the Earth	nongold
12	to be formed by is to be the result of	nongold
13	erosion is a kind of change	nongold
14	chemical reactions cause chemical change	nongold
15	composed of means made of	nongold
16	color is a property of  an object; a material	nongold
17	to change into means to form	nongold
18	an earthquake is a kind of natural; geological event	nongold
19	Utah is a state located in the United States of America	nongold
20	color is a kind of physical; visual property	nongold
21	weathering; mechanical weathering means breaking down rocks; surface materials from a larger whole  into smaller pieces by weather	nongold
22	compound is a kind of chemical	nongold
23	green is a kind of color	nongold
24	chemical weathering	answer
25	an orange tree is a kind of tree	nongold
26	substances are made of matter	nongold
27	no longer means used to be	nongold
28	to cause the formation of means to form	nongold
29	chemical weathering causes iron in rock to oxidize	gold
30	rocks; soil; materials interacting with wind; moving water over long periods of time causes weathering	nongold
31	a rock is a kind of object	nongold
32	if the component of something changed , then the whole thing will change	nongold
33	orange is a kind of color	nongold
34	a mineral is a kind of solid; natural material	nongold
35	iron is a kind of element	nongold
36	brown is a kind of color	nongold
37	yellow is a kind of color	nongold
38	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
39	chemical weathering	answer
40	Many natural rock formations change color over time. In Utah, for example, iron oxidized and formed red, orange, and yellow rock. Which of the following is the cause of this change?	question
41	products are formed; are produced; are created	nongold
42	different classes of rocks are formed by different methods	nongold
43	to change means to cause a change	nongold
44	coloration means a thing's color	nongold
45	chemical weathering causes iron in rock to oxidize	gold
46	chemical reactions cause new substances; different substances to form	nongold
47	Many natural rock formations change color over time. In Utah, for example, iron oxidized and formed red, orange, and yellow rock. Which of the following is the cause of this change?	question
48	chemical weathering	answer
49	a rock is usually a solid	nongold
