0	kinetic energy is a kind of mechanical energy	nongold
1	moving is similar to travelling	nongold
2	producing thrust causes something; an animal; an object to move	gold
3	a rocket	answer
4	pushing is a kind of motion	nongold
5	revolving is a kind of motion	nongold
6	fast means quickly	nongold
7	travel means to move	nongold
8	a rocket is a kind of mechanical system	gold
9	a squid produces thrust by pushing water out of its body	gold
10	rate is similar to speed	nongold
11	a rocket engine is used to move a rocket	gold
12	a rocket	answer
13	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	nongold
14	a deep sea animal is a kind of marine organism	nongold
15	an ocean is a kind of body of water	nongold
16	a rocket is a kind of vehicle	gold
17	a body of water contains water	nongold
18	a rocket is a kind of vehicle	gold
19	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	nongold
20	a mechanism is a kind of system that performs a function	nongold
21	fins are a part of aquatic animals used for moving through water	nongold
22	animals; living things require water for survival	nongold
23	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
24	muscular movement helps animals move	nongold
25	mechanical energy can  cause objects to move	nongold
26	a fish is a kind of animal	nongold
27	an aquatic animal is a kind of animal	nongold
28	gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction	nongold
29	a fish is a kind of predator	nongold
30	a rocket	answer
31	a rocket is a kind of mechanical system	gold
32	to flow is similar to to transfer	nongold
33	motion is a source of kinetic energy in an object	nongold
34	the body is a part of an organism	nongold
35	speed is a property of an object and includes values of slow; fast	nongold
36	A squid is an animal that lives in the ocean. It pumps a stream of water out of its body, causing it to move rapidly. Which of the following mechanical systems moves in a way most similar to the squid?	question
37	a rocket engine is used to move a rocket	gold
38	flowing is a kind of action	nongold
39	A squid is an animal that lives in the ocean. It pumps a stream of water out of its body, causing it to move rapidly. Which of the following mechanical systems moves in a way most similar to the squid?	question
40	producing thrust causes something; an animal; an object to move	gold
41	a body system is a part of the body; an animal	nongold
42	a rocket engine is used to move a rocket	gold
43	a rocket is a kind of vehicle	gold
44	faster means increased rate	nongold
45	producing thrust causes something; an animal; an object to move	gold
46	a rocket	answer
47	A squid is an animal that lives in the ocean. It pumps a stream of water out of its body, causing it to move rapidly. Which of the following mechanical systems moves in a way most similar to the squid?	question
48	fast is the opposite of slow	nongold
49	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	gold
50	a squid produces thrust by pushing water out of its body	gold
51	An example of mechanical energy is an object in motion	nongold
52	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
53	A squid is an animal that lives in the ocean. It pumps a stream of water out of its body, causing it to move rapidly. Which of the following mechanical systems moves in a way most similar to the squid?	question
54	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	gold
55	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	gold
56	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
57	pulling is a kind of motion	nongold
58	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	nongold
59	a squid produces thrust by pushing water out of its body	gold
60	a rocket is a kind of mechanical system	gold
61	swimming is when humans; animals can move in water	nongold
62	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
