0	climate	answer
1	organisms are a part of an environment	nongold
2	a climate is synonymous with an environment	gold
3	an environment is a kind of place	gold
4	climate	answer
5	identifying is similar to determining	nongold
6	a plants; living things require water for survival; to grow	nongold
7	a region is a kind of location	nongold
8	a plant requires photosynthesis to grow; survive	nongold
9	a plant requires water to grow	nongold
10	an environment means an area	nongold
11	Some plants grow only in specific places in the world. Some cacti, for example, grow only in deserts. Which of the following is most important in determining where a plant can grow and survive?	question
12	a plant requires a specific climate to grow and survive	gold
13	a plant; living thing requires nutrients to grow	nongold
14	a plant requires a specific climate to grow and survive	gold
15	Some plants grow only in specific places in the world. Some cacti, for example, grow only in deserts. Which of the following is most important in determining where a plant can grow and survive?	question
16	a climate is synonymous with an environment	gold
17	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
18	impact means effect	nongold
19	high is similar to increase	nongold
20	a climate is synonymous with an environment	gold
21	role is similar to importance	nongold
22	climate is the usual kind of weather in a location over a period of time	nongold
23	a desert environment usually has a lot of sunlight	nongold
24	place is synonymous with location	nongold
25	to be required means to be necessary	nongold
26	if something required by something else is in a place then that something else may be in that place	nongold
27	harming an environment causes harm to the living things; to the organisms in that environment	nongold
28	Some plants grow only in specific places in the world. Some cacti, for example, grow only in deserts. Which of the following is most important in determining where a plant can grow and survive?	question
29	survive means live	nongold
30	climate	answer
31	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
32	an environment is a kind of place	gold
33	if something is required for a process then that something positively impacts that process	nongold
34	Some plants grow only in specific places in the world. Some cacti, for example, grow only in deserts. Which of the following is most important in determining where a plant can grow and survive?	question
35	a forest environment receives more rainfall than a desert	nongold
36	a plant requires a specific climate to grow and survive	gold
37	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
38	an environment is a kind of place	gold
39	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	nongold
40	affected means changed	nongold
41	vegetation means plants	nongold
42	determine is similar to cause	nongold
43	winter has cold temperatures;weather	nongold
44	organisms; living things live in their habitat; their home	nongold
45	a native; indigenous plant lives in a place because of nature, not human change	nongold
46	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
47	climate	answer
48	temperature is a property of weather	nongold
49	growing is a kind of process	nongold
50	temperature; heat energy is a property of objects; weather and includes ordered values of cold; cool; warm; hot	nongold
51	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
52	growth means size;number;value;strength increases	nongold
53	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
54	changes in an environment cause animals; plants to adapt to survive	nongold
