0	a single-celled organism's organelles are like the organs of a multi-celled organism	nongold
1	different is the opposite of the same	nongold
2	a part of a living thing is a natural structure	nongold
3	Eukaryotic cells are more structurally complex than prokaryotic cells.	answer
4	faster means an increase; higher in speed	gold
5	the cells of multicellular organisms can specialize	nongold
6	a protozoan is a kind of animal	nongold
7	not is similar to the opposite of	nongold
8	a prokaryotic cell does not contain a nucleus	nongold
9	a plant cell is a kind of cell	nongold
10	fast means quickly	gold
11	faster means an increase; higher in speed	gold
12	hours ( hr ) are a  metric unit used for measuring time generally used for values between 0.25 and 72.0	nongold
13	a fungus is a kind of eukaryote	nongold
14	fewer means lower; less in number	gold
15	A single prokaryotic cell can divide several times in an hour. Few eukaryotic cells can divide as quickly. Which of the following statements best explains this difference?	question
16	fewest means lowest; least in number	nongold
17	a single-cell organism cannot specialize	nongold
18	made up of means contains; made of	nongold
19	less is similar to decrease	gold
20	basic life functions occur in the cells of organisms	nongold
21	less is similar to decrease	gold
22	a plant is made of plant cells	nongold
23	to subdivide is similar to to divide	nongold
24	stay the same means not changing	nongold
25	A single prokaryotic cell can divide several times in an hour. Few eukaryotic cells can divide as quickly. Which of the following statements best explains this difference?	question
26	to change means to become different	nongold
27	less is similar to decrease	gold
28	A single prokaryotic cell can divide several times in an hour. Few eukaryotic cells can divide as quickly. Which of the following statements best explains this difference?	question
29	to tell the difference between things means to classify those things	nongold
30	if something is made of something else , then that something else will be the component of that something	nongold
31	as the structural complexity of a cell increases , the speed with which the cell can divide decreases	gold
32	as the structural complexity of a cell increases , the speed with which the cell can divide decreases	gold
33	fewer means lower; less in number	gold
34	Eukaryotic cells are more structurally complex than prokaryotic cells.	answer
35	an organism is a living thing	nongold
36	faster means an increase; higher in speed	gold
37	many means high in number	nongold
38	fast means quickly	gold
39	fewer means lower; less in number	gold
40	as the structural complexity of a cell increases , the speed with which the cell can divide decreases	gold
41	Eukaryotic cells are more structurally complex than prokaryotic cells.	answer
42	increase means more	gold
43	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	nongold
44	lower means less	nongold
45	the cell is the most basic structural unit of life	nongold
46	increase means more	gold
47	Eukaryotic cells are more structurally complex than prokaryotic cells.	answer
48	fast means quickly	gold
49	eukaryotes are a part of the biological domain Eukaryota	nongold
50	greater means higher; more in value	nongold
51	single means one	nongold
52	changed is the opposite of unchanged	nongold
53	size difference is a kind of difference	nongold
54	opposite is a kind of different	nongold
55	a single-celled organism is a kind of organism	nongold
56	increase means more	gold
57	a living thing is made of cells	nongold
58	tissue is a kind of group of cells with a common structure that work together to perform a similar function	nongold
59	Physical adaptation; structural adaptation is a physical  change in a population over successive generations that  helps individual organisms in that population to  survive; reproduce	nongold
60	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
61	both means two	nongold
62	A single prokaryotic cell can divide several times in an hour. Few eukaryotic cells can divide as quickly. Which of the following statements best explains this difference?	question
