0	an organism is a living thing	nongold
1	transporting is a kind of function	nongold
2	conducting is a kind of function	nongold
3	speed is a measure of how fast an object is moving	nongold
4	a function is a kind of characteristic	nongold
5	an object is made of its parts	nongold
6	can be means able to be	nongold
7	a human is a kind of animal	gold
8	vibration is a kind of motion	nongold
9	function means job	nongold
10	the body is a part of an organism	nongold
11	something's function can be used to describe; identify that something	nongold
12	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
13	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	nongold
14	a human is a kind of animal	gold
15	a box is a kind of object	nongold
16	rotating is similar to moving	nongold
17	a computer is a kind of tool	nongold
18	the brain is a part of the body	nongold
19	to be a vehicle for is a kind of function	nongold
20	a body system is a part of the body; an animal	nongold
21	a computer controls a robot	gold
22	controlling is a kind of function	gold
23	controlling is a kind of function	gold
24	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	gold
25	to place in is similar to to move to	nongold
26	an animal's brain controls that animal	gold
27	absorbing is a kind of function	nongold
28	a brain is a part of an animal	gold
29	regulating is a kind of function	nongold
30	The students in an engineering class built a robot that stacks wooden blocks. A built-in computer controls the movement of the robot. The computer in the robot performs a function most similar to which part of the human body?	question
31	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
32	the nervous system is a part of the body of an animal	nongold
33	converting is a kind of function	nongold
34	an animal's brain controls that animal	gold
35	sensory organs are used for sensing	nongold
36	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
37	to have a function is similar to to be responsible for	nongold
38	a computer controls a robot	gold
39	function is similar to purpose	nongold
40	brain	answer
41	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
42	a brain is a part of an animal	gold
43	the nervous system is the vehicle for controlling the body	nongold
44	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
45	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	gold
46	materials are made of matter	nongold
47	frame construction requires wood	nongold
48	The students in an engineering class built a robot that stacks wooden blocks. A built-in computer controls the movement of the robot. The computer in the robot performs a function most similar to which part of the human body?	question
49	a human is a kind of animal	gold
50	a brain is a part of an animal	gold
51	if something performs a task then that task is that something's function	nongold
52	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	gold
53	brain	answer
54	The students in an engineering class built a robot that stacks wooden blocks. A built-in computer controls the movement of the robot. The computer in the robot performs a function most similar to which part of the human body?	question
55	brain	answer
56	The students in an engineering class built a robot that stacks wooden blocks. A built-in computer controls the movement of the robot. The computer in the robot performs a function most similar to which part of the human body?	question
57	a block is a kind of object	nongold
58	wood is a strong material	nongold
59	a computer controls a robot	gold
60	brain	answer
61	an animal's brain controls that animal	gold
62	controlling is a kind of function	gold
