0	a mineral is a kind of object	nongold
1	density is a kind of physical property	nongold
2	streak is a measure of the color of a mineral below the surface or as a powder	gold
3	if something is made of something; a material then that something contains that something; that material	nongold
4	color is a property of  an object; a material	nongold
5	being  on something; placed in something; placed over something means touching  that something	nongold
6	streak	answer
7	Owen tested a physical property of a mineral. He rubbed a mineral sample on a piece of white tile. The mineral left a red mark on the tile. Which of the following physical properties of the mineral was Owen most likely testing?	question
8	appearance  is a kind of physical property	nongold
9	streak is a measure of the color of a mineral below the surface or as a powder	gold
10	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
11	red is a kind of color	gold
12	hardness is a kind of physical property	nongold
13	particles in objects are a kind of matter	nongold
14	an event is a kind of action	nongold
15	red is a kind of color	gold
16	a physical property is a kind of property	nongold
17	high is similar to increase	nongold
18	experimentation requires measuring	nongold
19	measuring the hardness of minerals requires  scratching those materials	nongold
20	different materials usually have different properties	nongold
21	a white tile can be used as a streak plate	gold
22	rock is made of minerals	nongold
23	a surface is a part of a material	nongold
24	texture is a property of  surfaces; materials; objects and includes ordered  values of smooth; rough	nongold
25	often is similar to likely	nongold
26	An example of a substance is a white, powdery surface	nongold
27	streak is a measure of the color of a mineral below the surface or as a powder	gold
28	both means two	nongold
29	when a mineral is rubbed on a streak plate , some of the material breaks off and forms a powder	gold
30	streak	answer
31	a white tile can be used as a streak plate	gold
32	the  property of something is the same for the things of same kind	nongold
33	red is a kind of color	gold
34	physical state means state of matter	nongold
35	when a mineral is rubbed on a streak plate , some of the material breaks off and forms a powder	gold
36	when a mineral is rubbed on a streak plate , some of the material breaks off and forms a powder	gold
37	if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material	nongold
38	Owen tested a physical property of a mineral. He rubbed a mineral sample on a piece of white tile. The mineral left a red mark on the tile. Which of the following physical properties of the mineral was Owen most likely testing?	question
39	a piece is a part of a whole	nongold
40	experiment is synonymous with test	nongold
41	state of matter means physical state	nongold
42	streak is a property of a mineral	gold
43	gypsum is a kind of mineral	nongold
44	a type of something is a kind of property of that something	nongold
45	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
46	can be means able to be	nongold
47	a white tile can be used as a streak plate	gold
48	liquid is a kind of state of matter	nongold
49	streak	answer
50	streak	answer
51	Owen tested a physical property of a mineral. He rubbed a mineral sample on a piece of white tile. The mineral left a red mark on the tile. Which of the following physical properties of the mineral was Owen most likely testing?	question
52	streak is a property of a mineral	gold
53	texture is a kind of physical property	nongold
54	heat means heat energy	nongold
55	variable means able to change	nongold
56	streak is a property of a mineral	gold
57	a property is similar to a factor	nongold
58	if something undergoes a physical change then the physical properties of that something will change	nongold
59	Owen tested a physical property of a mineral. He rubbed a mineral sample on a piece of white tile. The mineral left a red mark on the tile. Which of the following physical properties of the mineral was Owen most likely testing?	question
