0	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
1	The weather stripping reduces heat loss due to convection.	answer
2	a source of heat can be used to heat something	nongold
3	weather stripping is used for reducing heat loss by convection	gold
4	Foam weather stripping is often placed in the frames of doors and windows in a home. What is the purpose of this weather stripping?	question
5	The weather stripping reduces heat loss due to convection.	answer
6	placing is a kind of action	nongold
7	a strip is a kind of object	nongold
8	convection is when a liquid is heated by hotter material rising to the top of the liquid	nongold
9	rubber is a kind of material	nongold
10	a surface is a kind of object	nongold
11	Foam weather stripping is often placed in the frames of doors and windows in a home. What is the purpose of this weather stripping?	question
12	high is similar to increase	nongold
13	weather stripping is used for reducing heat loss by convection	gold
14	convection is when the heated part of gas rises	nongold
15	if something performs a task then that task is that something's function	nongold
16	Foam weather stripping is often placed in the frames of doors and windows in a home. What is the purpose of this weather stripping?	question
17	a home is a kind of building	nongold
18	temperature is a property of weather	nongold
19	typically means usually	nongold
20	can be means able to be	nongold
21	cloudy is a kind of  weather	nongold
22	weather stripping is used for reducing heat loss by convection	gold
23	a source of heat can be used to heat something	nongold
24	a thermal insulator slows; prevents the transfer of heat	nongold
25	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
26	a house is a kind of building	nongold
27	reducing is a kind of change	nongold
28	The weather stripping reduces heat loss due to convection.	answer
29	heat means temperature increases	nongold
30	rubber is usually flexible	nongold
31	cold is a kind of weather	nongold
32	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
33	foam; bubble is made of pockets of gas trapped in a liquid or solid	nongold
34	adding heat means increasing temperature	nongold
35	front is a property of weather and includes unordered values of warm front; cold front; stationary front; occluded front	nongold
36	plastic is a kind of material made by humans	nongold
37	weather  usually happens in troposphere	nongold
38	counter means reduce; stop; resist	nongold
39	a process is a kind of event	nongold
40	The weather stripping reduces heat loss due to convection.	answer
41	to lower means to decrease	nongold
42	something is used for that something's purpose	gold
43	something is used for that something's purpose	gold
44	as the cause of something decreases , that something will decrease	nongold
45	heat has a great impact on weather	nongold
46	something is used for that something's purpose	gold
47	rubber is a kind of solid	nongold
48	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
49	convection causes uneven heating	nongold
50	due to means caused by	nongold
51	Foam weather stripping is often placed in the frames of doors and windows in a home. What is the purpose of this weather stripping?	question
52	plastic is high in strength	nongold
