0	a device is a kind of object	nongold
1	can be means able to be	nongold
2	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
3	x-rays are used in medical technology	gold
4	emit means send out	nongold
5	sunlight contains ultraviolet light	nongold
6	x-rays can pass through some parts of the body	gold
7	light means light energy	nongold
8	waves can travel through matter	nongold
9	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	nongold
10	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
11	Visible light passes through glass. Other types of electromagnetic radiation are able to pass through other materials in a similar way. Which of the following are used in medical technology because they can pass through some parts of the human body?	question
12	glass is a kind of object	nongold
13	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
14	x-rays	answer
15	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	nongold
16	ultraviolet light is a kind of electromagnetic energy	nongold
17	x-rays are used in medical technology	gold
18	x-rays are used in medical technology	gold
19	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
20	visible  light is the smallest range within the electromagnetic spectrum	nongold
21	if something is made of something; a material then that something contains that something; that material	nongold
22	a photon is a kind of  particles	nongold
23	x-rays can pass through some parts of the body	gold
24	electromagnetic radiation is arranged in the electromagnetic spectrum by wavelength; frequency	nongold
25	x-rays	answer
26	electromagnetic energy is a kind of energy	nongold
27	an x ray is a kind of electromagnetic energy	nongold
28	human eyes can only see light in the range of visible light	nongold
29	light is a kind of electromagnetic radiation	nongold
30	radiation is when electromagnetic waves transfers heat and light energy	nongold
31	observable means visible	nongold
32	passing through is similar to entering	nongold
33	sunlight is made of ultraviolet, infrared, and visible light	nongold
34	a glass contains water	nongold
35	glass is a kind of material	nongold
36	media; medium means the material something travel through	nongold
37	Visible light passes through glass. Other types of electromagnetic radiation are able to pass through other materials in a similar way. Which of the following are used in medical technology because they can pass through some parts of the human body?	question
38	glass; objects made of glass cause refraction of light	nongold
39	electromagnetic wave is a kind of  wave	nongold
40	x-rays can pass through some parts of the body	gold
41	Visible light passes through glass. Other types of electromagnetic radiation are able to pass through other materials in a similar way. Which of the following are used in medical technology because they can pass through some parts of the human body?	question
42	a body part is a kind of object	nongold
43	to cross means to pass	nongold
44	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	nongold
45	x-rays transfer energy	nongold
46	material means substance	nongold
47	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
48	x-rays	answer
49	to pass means to occur	nongold
50	glass is always nonmagnetic	nongold
51	x-rays	answer
52	Visible light passes through glass. Other types of electromagnetic radiation are able to pass through other materials in a similar way. Which of the following are used in medical technology because they can pass through some parts of the human body?	question
