0	liquid is a kind of state of matter	nongold
1	The surface of a heated metal object measures 120°C. It is dropped into a bucket filled with water measuring 10°C. Which of the following is most likely to occur?	question
2	a metal is usually a solid at room temperature	nongold
3	a liquid is a kind of substance	nongold
4	The surface of a heated metal object measures 120°C. It is dropped into a bucket filled with water measuring 10°C. Which of the following is most likely to occur?	question
5	The surface of a heated metal object measures 120°C. It is dropped into a bucket filled with water measuring 10°C. Which of the following is most likely to occur?	question
6	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
7	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
8	if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material	nongold
9	melting means matter; a substance changes from a solid into a liquid by increasing heat energy	nongold
10	something that happens is a kind of event	nongold
11	dropping something causes that something to fall	nongold
12	a change is a kind of event	nongold
13	freezing means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a solid by decreasing heat energy	nongold
14	if an object is placed in a substance; in a location that is colder then that object will cool to the same temperature of that substance; of that location	gold
15	if an object is placed in a substance; in a location that is colder then that object will cool to the same temperature of that substance; of that location	gold
16	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
17	metal is a kind of substance	nongold
18	material means substance	nongold
19	water is a kind of object	nongold
20	moisture means liquid; liquid water	nongold
21	The water and metal will adjust to the same temperature between 10°C and 120°C.	answer
22	to be filled with means to contain	nongold
23	drop means decrease	nongold
24	to lower means to decrease	nongold
25	to add means to increase	nongold
26	adding heat means increasing temperature	nongold
27	a thermal energy conductor transfers heat from warmer objects; hotter objects to cooler objects	nongold
28	a bucket is a kind of  container	gold
29	boiling is when liquids are heated above their boiling point	nongold
30	a surface is a kind of object	nongold
31	The surface of a heated metal object measures 120°C. It is dropped into a bucket filled with water measuring 10°C. Which of the following is most likely to occur?	question
32	matter with variable volume and shape assumes; expands to fill; takes the shape and size of its entire container	nongold
33	The water and metal will adjust to the same temperature between 10°C and 120°C.	answer
34	to drop means to fall	nongold
35	if something is dropped into a container of something else then that something is touching that something else	gold
36	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
37	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	nongold
38	if an object is placed in a substance; in a location that is colder then that object will cool to the same temperature of that substance; of that location	gold
39	The water and metal will adjust to the same temperature between 10°C and 120°C.	answer
40	if something changes , then that something is not the same	nongold
41	to pass means to occur	nongold
42	as heat is transferred from something to something else , the temperature of that something will decrease	nongold
43	affected means changed	nongold
44	a drop is a small amount of liquid	nongold
45	if one surface; one substance; one object touches something then one is exposed to that something	nongold
46	if something is dropped into a container of something else then that something is touching that something else	gold
47	The water and metal will adjust to the same temperature between 10°C and 120°C.	answer
48	a bucket is a kind of  container	gold
49	if an object is placed in a liquid , then the  increased volume of the liquid will be equal to the volume of that object	nongold
50	if something is dropped into a container of something else then that something is touching that something else	gold
51	counter means reduce; stop; resist	nongold
52	different is the opposite of the same	nongold
53	a surface is a part of an object	nongold
54	a bucket is a kind of  container	gold
