0	a rabbit is a kind of mammal	gold
1	predators; carnivores; omnivores eat other animals	gold
2	an organism is a living thing	nongold
3	eagle	answer
4	grass is a kind of green plant	nongold
5	eagle	answer
6	a bird is a kind of living thing	nongold
7	a turtle is a kind of omnivore	nongold
8	a rabbit is a kind of mammal	gold
9	a mammal is a kind of animal	gold
10	a deer mouse is a kind of mouse	nongold
11	eagles eat fish	gold
12	aquatic animals; plants live in bodies of water	nongold
13	an insect is a kind of animal	nongold
14	bodies of water are located on Earth's surface	nongold
15	answering questions requires information	nongold
16	aquatic animal means water animal	nongold
17	an eagle is a kind of bird	gold
18	a relationship occurs when two or more things interact with one another	nongold
19	eagles eat rabbits	gold
20	a living thing is made of cells	nongold
21	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
22	an eagle is a kind of bird	gold
23	predators; carnivores; omnivores eat other animals	gold
24	a fish is a kind of animal	gold
25	a fish is a kind of animal	gold
26	a reservoir is a kind of body of water	nongold
27	Use the information below to answer the question. Each organism on Earth is a part of a complex relationship with other organisms. This relationship is called a food web. The following organisms are part of a food web typically located in and around a reservoir. algae fish rabbit eagle pine tree grass field mouse Which member of the food web is a carnivore?	question
28	an eagle is a kind of predator	nongold
29	eagles eat rabbits	gold
30	eagle	answer
31	an aquatic animal; aquatic plant requires great amounts of water to survive; thrive	nongold
32	located means situated	nongold
33	a mammal is a kind of animal	gold
34	fish eat insects	nongold
35	an eagle is a kind of bird	gold
36	eagle	answer
37	Use the information below to answer the question. Each organism on Earth is a part of a complex relationship with other organisms. This relationship is called a food web. The following organisms are part of a food web typically located in and around a reservoir. algae fish rabbit eagle pine tree grass field mouse Which member of the food web is a carnivore?	question
38	grass is green in color	nongold
39	an eagle is a kind of carnivore	gold
40	eagles live in trees	nongold
41	a tree is a kind of plant	nongold
42	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
43	life means living things	nongold
44	an eagle is a kind of carnivore	gold
45	algae is a kind of plant	nongold
46	eating an animal; a plant means killing that animal; that plant	nongold
47	a worm is a kind of animal	nongold
48	eagles eat fish	gold
49	predators; carnivores; omnivores eat other animals	gold
50	Use the information below to answer the question. Each organism on Earth is a part of a complex relationship with other organisms. This relationship is called a food web. The following organisms are part of a food web typically located in and around a reservoir. algae fish rabbit eagle pine tree grass field mouse Which member of the food web is a carnivore?	question
51	eagles eat rabbits	gold
52	rabbits eat plants	nongold
53	a mouse is a kind of mammal	nongold
54	if something is located  in somewhere , then something can be found in somewhere	nongold
55	Use the information below to answer the question. Each organism on Earth is a part of a complex relationship with other organisms. This relationship is called a food web. The following organisms are part of a food web typically located in and around a reservoir. algae fish rabbit eagle pine tree grass field mouse Which member of the food web is a carnivore?	question
56	a field is a kind of environment	nongold
57	a mammal is a kind of animal	gold
58	omnivores eat plants; animals	nongold
59	an eagle is a kind of carnivore	gold
60	a fungus is a kind of organism	nongold
61	eagles eat fish	gold
62	a fish is a kind of animal	gold
63	a part of a living thing is a natural structure	nongold
64	a rabbit is a kind of mammal	gold
65	a mouse is a kind of herbivore	nongold
66	a mouse is a kind of animal	nongold
67	location is a kind of information	nongold
