0	human is a kind of organism	nongold
1	adverse effect means negative impact	nongold
2	Some people have pacemakers that may be affected by microwaves.	answer
3	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
4	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	gold
5	fastest means greatest in  speed	nongold
6	to lower means to decrease	nongold
7	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	gold
8	food is a kind of substance	nongold
9	slowest means lowest in  speed	nongold
10	disrupting is similar to having a negative impact	nongold
11	if an object; a substance makes something then that object; that substance is a source of that thing	nongold
12	warning people of dangers has a positive impact on the safety of those people	gold
13	to change means to have an effect	nongold
14	microwaves harm people that have pacemakers	gold
15	microwaves harm people that have pacemakers	gold
16	to be affected by something is similar to depending on something	nongold
17	Signs in many stores and restaurants warn that microwaves are in use. What is the main reason for this warning?	question
18	Some people have pacemakers that may be affected by microwaves.	answer
19	impact means effect	nongold
20	Some people have pacemakers that may be affected by microwaves.	answer
21	to be a source of something means to cause that something	nongold
22	high speed means fast	nongold
23	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
24	warning people of dangers has a positive impact on the safety of those people	gold
25	if an object accelerates then that object will go faster	nongold
26	microwave-safe is when a material can be microwaved safely	nongold
27	Signs in many stores and restaurants warn that microwaves are in use. What is the main reason for this warning?	question
28	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
29	a person is a kind of animal	nongold
30	an animal is a kind of consumer	nongold
31	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
32	microwaves harm people that have pacemakers	gold
33	faster means increased rate	nongold
34	if something emits something else then that something increases the amount of that something else	nongold
35	warning people of dangers has a positive impact on the safety of those people	gold
36	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
37	an organism is a living thing	nongold
38	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
39	increase means more	nongold
40	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	gold
41	Signs in many stores and restaurants warn that microwaves are in use. What is the main reason for this warning?	question
42	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
43	to cause means to have an effect	nongold
44	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
45	if something is made by something else then that something is affected by that something else	nongold
46	to act on means to affect	nongold
47	speed up means increase	nongold
48	Some people have pacemakers that may be affected by microwaves.	answer
49	death means to die	nongold
50	speed is a measure of how fast an object is moving	nongold
51	Signs in many stores and restaurants warn that microwaves are in use. What is the main reason for this warning?	question
52	can be means able to be	nongold
53	to store means to hold	nongold
54	the effects of something is a property of that something	nongold
