0	an organism is a living thing	nongold
1	if something is required for a process then that something positively impacts that process	nongold
2	a negative impact is a kind of consequence; risk	nongold
3	the brown tree snake is nonnative to Guam	gold
4	harming an animal species causes that animal's population to decrease	nongold
5	sometimes nonnative species have no natural predators	gold
6	if something required by something else is in a place then that something else may be in that place	nongold
7	a positive impact is  a benefit	nongold
8	if the population of an animal decreases then that animal may no longer be found in that place	nongold
9	humans changing animal habitats usually causes harm to those animals	nongold
10	brown is a kind of color	nongold
11	harming an organism can cause that organism to die	nongold
12	The brown tree snake is a nonnative species found on the South Pacific island of Guam. The brown tree snake population in Guam is so large that it negatively affects the humans there. Which statement best explains why the brown tree snake has flourished in Guam?	question
13	as population of predators decreases , the population of prey will increase in an environment	nongold
14	There are no natural snake predators.	answer
15	lack is similar to low; little	nongold
16	a human is a kind of mammal	nongold
17	having no natural predators increases population size	gold
18	small is the opposite of large	nongold
19	predators; carnivores; omnivores eat other animals	nongold
20	having no natural predators increases population size	gold
21	a tree is a kind of plant	nongold
22	The brown tree snake is a nonnative species found on the South Pacific island of Guam. The brown tree snake population in Guam is so large that it negatively affects the humans there. Which statement best explains why the brown tree snake has flourished in Guam?	question
23	population is a measure of the number of a species in an environment	nongold
24	a predator is a kind of enemy to its prey	nongold
25	protecting a living thing has a  positive impact on that living thing's survival; health	nongold
26	carnivores; omnivores; herbivores are a kind of animal	nongold
27	to lack means to not have	nongold
28	a tree is a kind of habitat	nongold
29	There are no natural snake predators.	answer
30	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
31	as  population of prey decreases , the population of predators will  decrease	nongold
32	life means living things	nongold
33	if something affects a part of something else then that something affects that something else	nongold
34	There are no natural snake predators.	answer
35	avoiding predators has a positive impact on prey's; an organism's survival; health; ability to reproduce	nongold
36	a tree is a kind of living thing	nongold
37	carnivores only eat animals	nongold
38	sometimes nonnative species have no natural predators	gold
39	The brown tree snake is a nonnative species found on the South Pacific island of Guam. The brown tree snake population in Guam is so large that it negatively affects the humans there. Which statement best explains why the brown tree snake has flourished in Guam?	question
40	as population of predators increases , the population of prey will decrease in an environment	nongold
41	harming an environment causes harm to the living things; to the organisms in that environment	nongold
42	the brown tree snake is nonnative to Guam	gold
43	affecting an organism's niche means affecting that organism	nongold
44	having no natural predators increases population size	gold
45	flourishing means large; high in population size	gold
46	predators eat prey	nongold
47	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
48	killing means changing a living thing from alive to dead by harming	nongold
49	There are no natural snake predators.	answer
50	killing a living thing decreases the number; population size of that living thing	nongold
51	flourishing means large; high in population size	gold
52	the brown tree snake is nonnative to Guam	gold
53	flourishing means large; high in population size	gold
54	an adaptation; an ability has a positive impact on an animal's; living thing's survival; health; ability to reproduce	nongold
55	The brown tree snake is a nonnative species found on the South Pacific island of Guam. The brown tree snake population in Guam is so large that it negatively affects the humans there. Which statement best explains why the brown tree snake has flourished in Guam?	question
56	if members of a species are born; survive then the population of that species increases	nongold
57	sometimes nonnative species have no natural predators	gold
