0	examining is a kind of process	nongold
1	studying is similar to investigating	nongold
2	to be good for means to have a positive impact on	nongold
3	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Aluminum is a nonrenewable natural resource. Which of these methods of aluminum disposal is best for the environment?	question
4	decreasing something negative has a positive impact on a thing	nongold
5	metal is a kind of material	nongold
6	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
7	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Aluminum is a nonrenewable natural resource. Which of these methods of aluminum disposal is best for the environment?	question
8	best means most positive	gold
9	good means positive	nongold
10	waste must be removed	nongold
11	recycling has a  positive impact on the environment	gold
12	coal is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
13	an environment means an area	nongold
14	a positive impact is a helpful effect	nongold
15	recycling has a  positive impact on the environment	gold
16	if studying something is used to learn about something then that something is a source of information	nongold
17	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
18	recycling is similar to reusing	nongold
19	recycling it	answer
20	an environment is similar to an ecosystem	nongold
21	recycling reduces; decreases the amount of waste sent to landfills	gold
22	recycling is a kind of method of disposal	gold
23	recycling is a kind of method of disposal	gold
24	animals are a renewable resource	nongold
25	recycling reduces; decreases the amount of waste sent to landfills	gold
26	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	nongold
27	rocks sometimes contain aluminum	nongold
28	data means information	nongold
29	process is similar to method	nongold
30	processes sometimes produce waste products	nongold
31	recycling reduces the resources needed to make something	nongold
32	discarding aluminum cans wastes aluminum	nongold
33	investigation sometimes requires experimentation	nongold
34	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Aluminum is a nonrenewable natural resource. Which of these methods of aluminum disposal is best for the environment?	question
35	plants are a kind of resource	nongold
36	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	gold
37	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	gold
38	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
39	soil is usually part of an environment	nongold
40	humans move waste to a  landfill for disposal;storage	nongold
41	recycling it	answer
42	recycling has a  positive impact on the environment	gold
43	recycling is a kind of method of disposal	gold
44	metal is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
45	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
46	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Aluminum is a nonrenewable natural resource. Which of these methods of aluminum disposal is best for the environment?	question
47	decomposition is a stage in the nutrient recycling process	nongold
48	waste has a  negative impact on the environment	gold
49	waste has a  negative impact on the environment	gold
50	recycling it	answer
51	best means most positive	gold
52	a mineral is a kind of solid; natural material	nongold
53	if something has a negative impact on something else then increasing the amount of that something has a negative impact on that something else	nongold
54	plants are a part of the environment	nongold
55	recycling reduces; decreases the amount of waste sent to landfills	gold
56	decreasing something positive has a negative impact on a thing	nongold
57	recycling it	answer
58	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	gold
59	best means most positive	gold
60	waste has a  negative impact on the environment	gold
61	investigating is a kind of process	nongold
62	if something is a raw material in a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
