0	the sun rises in the east	nongold
1	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
2	Stars are organized into patterns called constellations. One constellation is named Leo. Which statement best explains why Leo appears in different areas of the sky throughout the year?	question
3	Leo is a kind of constellation	gold
4	the sun setting is a kind of event	nongold
5	a revolution occurs when something revolves around something else	nongold
6	an object is made of its parts	nongold
7	sunlight is a kind of light	nongold
8	can be means able to be	nongold
9	a state is a kind of place	nongold
10	contains means located in	nongold
11	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	nongold
12	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
13	Earth revolves around the sun.	answer
14	to happen means to occur	nongold
15	Earth orbiting the Sun causes seasons to change	nongold
16	Leo is a kind of constellation	gold
17	Stars are organized into patterns called constellations. One constellation is named Leo. Which statement best explains why Leo appears in different areas of the sky throughout the year?	question
18	event is similar to occurrence	nongold
19	setting is a kind of motion	nongold
20	composed of means made of	nongold
21	to change means to become different	nongold
22	a constellation contains stars	gold
23	stars are located light years apart from each other	nongold
24	a star produces light and heat	nongold
25	Earth revolves around the sun.	answer
26	Stars are organized into patterns called constellations. One constellation is named Leo. Which statement best explains why Leo appears in different areas of the sky throughout the year?	question
27	area is similar to location	nongold
28	movements of celestial bodies are a kind of event	nongold
29	an environment means an area	nongold
30	revolving is a kind of action	nongold
31	if it is night then the sun has set	nongold
32	cycles of day and night occur once per day	nongold
33	best means most positive	nongold
34	a star is a source of light; light energy through nuclear reactions	nongold
35	to be made of means to consist of	nongold
36	local means relating to a certain area	nongold
37	if something moves then that something is in a different location	nongold
38	a rotation is a kind of movement	nongold
39	Earth's revolution is a kind of cycle	nongold
40	classifying is when one sorts something by kind; type	nongold
41	Leo is a kind of constellation	gold
42	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	gold
43	Stars are organized into patterns called constellations. One constellation is named Leo. Which statement best explains why Leo appears in different areas of the sky throughout the year?	question
44	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	gold
45	Earth revolves around the sun.	answer
46	organizing is sorting something by their properties in order	nongold
47	a planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet	nongold
48	years are a kind of unit for measuring time	nongold
49	the sun sets in the west	nongold
50	Earth revolves around the sun.	answer
51	Scorpio is a kind of constellation	nongold
52	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	gold
53	a constellation contains stars	gold
54	a constellation contains stars	gold
