0	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	gold
1	saving money has a positive impact on a person; a company	nongold
2	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
3	sunlight produces heat	nongold
4	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	gold
5	temperature; heat energy is a property of objects; weather and includes ordered values of cold; cool; warm; hot	nongold
6	Homes that are built to be environmentally friendly because they use energy more efficiently than other homes are called "green" homes. "Green" homes often have reflective roofs and walls made of recycled materials. The windows in these energy-saving homes are double-paned, meaning each window has two pieces of glass. Double-paned windows have a layer of air between the window panes. This layer is a barrier against extreme temperatures and saves energy. A solar panel on a "green" home uses	question
7	solar energy is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
8	resources sometimes are used for energy	gold
9	cooling;colder means removing;reducing;decreasing heat;temperature	nongold
10	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
11	a window is made of glass	nongold
12	using less resources usually causes money to be saved	nongold
13	a window pane is a kind of surface	nongold
14	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
15	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
16	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	nongold
17	thermal energy is a kind of energy	nongold
18	glass is a kind of product	nongold
19	a solar panel is made of solar cells	nongold
20	resources sometimes are used for energy	gold
21	a renewable energy source	answer
22	a renewable energy source	answer
23	renewable resources are often available for many years	nongold
24	recyclable means a material can be recycled	nongold
25	renewable resources are replenished more quickly than they are used	nongold
26	heat means heat energy	nongold
27	glass is a kind of object	nongold
28	recycling resources; nonrenewable resources has a  positive impact on the environment; conservation of those resources	nongold
29	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	gold
30	a window is a part of a house	nongold
31	Homes that are built to be environmentally friendly because they use energy more efficiently than other homes are called "green" homes. "Green" homes often have reflective roofs and walls made of recycled materials. The windows in these energy-saving homes are double-paned, meaning each window has two pieces of glass. Double-paned windows have a layer of air between the window panes. This layer is a barrier against extreme temperatures and saves energy. A solar panel on a "green" home uses	question
32	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
33	recycling has a  positive impact on the environment	nongold
34	a solar panel converts sunlight; solar energy into electrical energy; electricity	gold
35	a solar panel converts sunlight; solar energy into electrical energy; electricity	gold
36	solar energy rarely causes pollution	nongold
37	if something is powered by something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
38	to serve as means to be used as	nongold
39	Homes that are built to be environmentally friendly because they use energy more efficiently than other homes are called "green" homes. "Green" homes often have reflective roofs and walls made of recycled materials. The windows in these energy-saving homes are double-paned, meaning each window has two pieces of glass. Double-paned windows have a layer of air between the window panes. This layer is a barrier against extreme temperatures and saves energy. A solar panel on a "green" home uses	question
40	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	nongold
41	solar energy is a kind of light	nongold
42	resources sometimes are used for energy	gold
43	metal is reflective	nongold
44	solar energy is a kind of heat energy	nongold
45	a renewable resource is a kind of natural resource	nongold
46	Homes that are built to be environmentally friendly because they use energy more efficiently than other homes are called "green" homes. "Green" homes often have reflective roofs and walls made of recycled materials. The windows in these energy-saving homes are double-paned, meaning each window has two pieces of glass. Double-paned windows have a layer of air between the window panes. This layer is a barrier against extreme temperatures and saves energy. A solar panel on a "green" home uses	question
47	a solar panel converts sunlight; solar energy into electrical energy; electricity	gold
48	to provide something means to be the source of that something	nongold
49	intense means extreme	nongold
50	heat is a kind of energy	nongold
51	to power means to provide energy for	nongold
52	solar energy is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
53	a renewable energy source	answer
54	a renewable energy source	answer
55	solar energy is a kind of energy	nongold
56	solar energy is an inexhaustible resource	nongold
57	if a resource is limited in supply then that resource should be recycled	nongold
58	recycling means using over again	nongold
59	solar energy is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
60	consumption means use	nongold
