0	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Which nonrenewable natural resource heats homes?	question
1	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	gold
2	Maryland is a kind of region	nongold
3	a renewable resource is a kind of naturally replaced resource	nongold
4	natural gas is a source of heat by burning	gold
5	oil is used for producing electricity	nongold
6	oil is a kind of liquid	nongold
7	if studying something is used to learn about something then that something is a source of information	nongold
8	nonrenewable resources forming occurs over a period of 300000000 years which is considered a  very long time to a human	nongold
9	water is a kind of natural resource	nongold
10	heating means adding heat	nongold
11	natural gas is a source of heat by burning	gold
12	soil contains nutrients for plants	nongold
13	a plant requires soil for survival; to grow	nongold
14	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
15	a source of heat can be used to heat something	gold
16	natural gas	answer
17	natural gas is a source of heat by burning	gold
18	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
19	some minerals are nutrients	nongold
20	roots are a part of a plant; tree	nongold
21	coal is a kind of object	nongold
22	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Which nonrenewable natural resource heats homes?	question
23	a student is a kind of human	nongold
24	natural gas	answer
25	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	gold
26	gas is a kind of material	nongold
27	state means form	nongold
28	investigation sometimes requires experimentation	nongold
29	studying is similar to investigating	nongold
30	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
31	An example of using natural gas is heating homes	nongold
32	natural gas is used for heating building by burning	nongold
33	a home is a kind of building	nongold
34	natural gas is a nonrenewable resource	gold
35	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Which nonrenewable natural resource heats homes?	question
36	natural gas	answer
37	gas is a kind of substance	nongold
38	oil is  insoluble in water	nongold
39	investigating sometimes requires measuring	nongold
40	fossil fuels are a nonrenewable resource	nongold
41	a house is a kind of building	nongold
42	plants are a kind of resource	nongold
43	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
44	a source of heat can be used to heat something	gold
45	a source of heat can be used to heat something	gold
46	a plants; living things require water for survival; to grow	nongold
47	an organism is a living thing	nongold
48	to belong to a group means to be a kind of something	nongold
49	Students are learning about the natural resources in Maryland. One group of students researches information about renewable natural resources in the state. The other group researches information about nonrenewable natural resources in the state. The resources the students investigate include plants, animals, soil, minerals, water, coal, and oil. Which nonrenewable natural resource heats homes?	question
50	coal is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
51	petroleum is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
52	natural gas	answer
53	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
54	research is used for learning	nongold
