0	greenhouse gases building up can cause global warming	nongold
1	to power means to provide energy for	nongold
2	biofuel is used to produce electricity by burning	nongold
3	using renewable resources to generate power reduces greenhouse gases	gold
4	using biomass to produce energy is a source of pollution	nongold
5	using renewable resources to generate power reduces greenhouse gases	gold
6	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
7	automobiles; industrialization are a source of carbon dioxide	nongold
8	Use renewable resources to generate power.	answer
9	resources sometimes are used for energy	nongold
10	a fossil fuel is a kind of natural resource	nongold
11	if something converts a resource into energy it doesn't use then that something is not using that resource efficiently	nongold
12	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
13	producing electricity sometimes requires burning oil	nongold
14	oil is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
15	as the use of something decreases , the use of the source of that something will decrease	nongold
16	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
17	Use renewable resources to generate power.	answer
18	As the human population increases, more fossil fuels are being used. The burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases. How might humans reduce greenhouse gases?	question
19	producing renewable electric energy requires renewable resources	nongold
20	As the human population increases, more fossil fuels are being used. The burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases. How might humans reduce greenhouse gases?	question
21	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
22	Use renewable resources to generate power.	answer
23	using renewable resources to generate power reduces greenhouse gases	gold
24	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
25	if something is powered by something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
26	a power plant converts chemical energy from energy source into electricity	nongold
27	if something emits something else then that something increases the amount of that something else	nongold
28	photosynthesis means producers; green plants convert from carbon dioxide and water and solar energy into carbohydrates and food and oxygen for themselves	nongold
29	good means positive	nongold
30	if something is a raw material in a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
31	solar power means solar energy	nongold
32	if an organism dies then the population of that organism will decrease	nongold
33	to increase is similar to to create	nongold
34	burning is a kind of action	nongold
35	a renewable resource is a kind of natural resource	nongold
36	increase means more	nongold
37	As the human population increases, more fossil fuels are being used. The burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases. How might humans reduce greenhouse gases?	question
38	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
39	generating power is a kind of positive impact	nongold
40	oil is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
41	as available resources increases , the population of an organism that uses those resources will increase	nongold
42	resources becoming available has a positive impact on the things that need those resources	nongold
43	oil is a kind of energy resource	nongold
44	As the human population increases, more fossil fuels are being used. The burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases. How might humans reduce greenhouse gases?	question
45	to use means to utilize	nongold
46	population increase means more survive	nongold
47	generate means produce	nongold
48	Use renewable resources to generate power.	answer
49	reducing is a kind of change	nongold
