0	coastline means coast	nongold
1	loss of shore land	answer
2	a shore is the land found at the edge of a body of water	gold
3	loss is similar to removal	nongold
4	an environment is a kind of place	nongold
5	aquatic animals; plants live in bodies of water	nongold
6	if there is a loss of something then that something decreases	gold
7	to impact means to affect	gold
8	a resident is a kind of person	nongold
9	a coastal area is a kind of environment	gold
10	a shore is the land found at the edge of a body of water	gold
11	humans live on land	nongold
12	loss of land has a negative impact on the residents in an environment	gold
13	Use the information to answer the question. Over the last 150 years, the use of fossil fuels has increased, resulting in more carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Some scientists think that these atmospheric gases will result in global warming. Scientists have recorded data on global temperature changes and have predicted possible changes in sea level that may affect Maryland residents. Which result of global warming will most negatively affect coastal residents in Maryland?	question
14	worldwide temperature means atmospheric temperature	gold
15	carbon dioxide is a kind of gas	nongold
16	a shore is the land found at the edge of a body of water	gold
17	loss of shore land	answer
18	humans changing ecosystems;environments usually has a  negative impact on an ecosystem; organisms living in an ecosystem	nongold
19	answering questions requires information	nongold
20	global warming is when worldwide temperature increases	gold
21	a coast is where land meets the edge of a body of water	gold
22	organisms; living things live in their habitat; their home	nongold
23	Maryland is a kind of region	nongold
24	if an organism dies then the population of that organism will decrease	nongold
25	a coast is where land meets the edge of a body of water	gold
26	Use the information to answer the question. Over the last 150 years, the use of fossil fuels has increased, resulting in more carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Some scientists think that these atmospheric gases will result in global warming. Scientists have recorded data on global temperature changes and have predicted possible changes in sea level that may affect Maryland residents. Which result of global warming will most negatively affect coastal residents in Maryland?	question
27	impact means effect	nongold
28	loss of shore land	answer
29	as the  level of water rises , the amount of available land will decrease	gold
30	as the  level of water rises , the amount of available land will decrease	gold
31	a scientist is a kind of human	nongold
32	loss of shore land	answer
33	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
34	Use the information to answer the question. Over the last 150 years, the use of fossil fuels has increased, resulting in more carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Some scientists think that these atmospheric gases will result in global warming. Scientists have recorded data on global temperature changes and have predicted possible changes in sea level that may affect Maryland residents. Which result of global warming will most negatively affect coastal residents in Maryland?	question
35	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
36	a coast is where land meets the edge of a body of water	gold
37	worldwide temperature means atmospheric temperature	gold
38	an ocean is a kind of habitat	nongold
39	a coastal area is a kind of environment	gold
40	a coastal area is a kind of environment	gold
41	if there is a loss of something then that something decreases	gold
42	sea means ocean	nongold
43	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
44	recording an observation sometimes requires measuring	nongold
45	as the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere increases , the temperature of the planet; the atmosphere will increase	nongold
46	to cause means to have an effect	nongold
47	as the  level of water rises , the amount of available land will decrease	gold
48	destruction means loss	nongold
49	burning fossil fuels increases the carbon in the atmosphere	nongold
50	loss of land has a negative impact on the residents in an environment	gold
51	Use the information to answer the question. Over the last 150 years, the use of fossil fuels has increased, resulting in more carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Some scientists think that these atmospheric gases will result in global warming. Scientists have recorded data on global temperature changes and have predicted possible changes in sea level that may affect Maryland residents. Which result of global warming will most negatively affect coastal residents in Maryland?	question
52	if there is a loss of something then that something decreases	gold
53	a coast is a coastal area	gold
54	adverse effect means negative impact	nongold
55	a body of water is a kind of environment	nongold
56	humans building homes; roads in an ecosystem; in an environment causes that ecosystem; that environment to change	nongold
57	loss means reduction	nongold
58	to impact means to affect	gold
59	to cause means to result in	nongold
60	loss of land has a negative impact on the residents in an environment	gold
61	a coast is a coastal area	gold
62	to impact means to affect	gold
63	global warming is when worldwide temperature increases	gold
64	increase means more	nongold
65	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
66	a coast is a coastal area	gold
67	global warming is when worldwide temperature increases	gold
68	an ocean is a kind of body of water	nongold
69	greenhouse gases are a part of the atmosphere	nongold
70	humans changing an environment sometimes causes that environment to be destroyed	nongold
71	worldwide temperature means atmospheric temperature	gold
72	if something is required for a process then that something positively impacts that process	nongold
73	pollution has a negative impact on the environment; air quality; water quality; society	nongold
