0	substances are made of elements	nongold
1	When Chemical X is added to a certain liquid, the chemical breaks into Substances Y and Z. It is not possible to break Substances Y and Z into simpler particles. Which statement is best supported by this evidence?	question
2	Substances Y and Z are elements.	answer
3	separating is similar to breaking	gold
4	a photon is a kind of  particles	nongold
5	all elements are a kind of pure substance	gold
6	an element cannot be decomposed into two or more different substances by simple chemical methods	gold
7	if something is made of something else then that something can be broken down into that something else	nongold
8	all elements are a kind of pure substance	gold
9	hydrogen is a kind of element	nongold
10	a chemical property is the opposite of a physical property	nongold
11	a result of something is evidence of that something	nongold
12	An example of a chemical change is acid breaking down substances	nongold
13	molecules; atoms are constantly; always moving; vibrating in substance;matter	nongold
14	nitrogen; arsenic; phosphorus; antimony is found in the nitrogen family on the periodic table	nongold
15	substances are made of molecules	nongold
16	When Chemical X is added to a certain liquid, the chemical breaks into Substances Y and Z. It is not possible to break Substances Y and Z into simpler particles. Which statement is best supported by this evidence?	question
17	state of matter at room temperature is a kind of physical property	nongold
18	Substances Y and Z are elements.	answer
19	chemical reactivity is a property of elements and includes ordered values of reactive; unreactive	nongold
20	a nonmetal is a kind of element	nongold
21	a pure substance is made of only one kind of atom; molecule	nongold
22	chlorine is a kind of element	nongold
23	a metal is a kind of element	nongold
24	When Chemical X is added to a certain liquid, the chemical breaks into Substances Y and Z. It is not possible to break Substances Y and Z into simpler particles. Which statement is best supported by this evidence?	question
25	state of matter is a property of matter and includes ordered values of solid; liquid; gas	nongold
26	elements in the same group on the Periodic Table of Elements have similar chemical reactivity	nongold
27	a compound is made of two or more elements that have been chemically combined	nongold
28	elements on the right side of the Periodic Table of Elements are gases at room temperature	nongold
29	when something breaks , a crack may form in that something	nongold
30	an element cannot be decomposed into two or more different substances by simple chemical methods	gold
31	particles in a liquid have more kinetic energy than particles in a solid	nongold
32	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	gold
33	an element cannot be decomposed into two or more different substances by simple chemical methods	gold
34	to add means to increase	nongold
35	Substances Y and Z are elements.	answer
36	organic compounds mainly are made of carbon; hydrogen; oxygen; nitrogen	nongold
37	substances are made of matter	nongold
38	Substances Y and Z are elements.	answer
39	carbon is a kind of element	nongold
40	separating is similar to breaking	gold
41	charged particles are a kind of high-energy particles	nongold
42	a liquid is a kind of substance	nongold
43	chemical compounds contain chemical bonds between atoms; between elements	nongold
44	atom cannot be divided into smaller substances	nongold
45	an electron is a kind of charged particle	nongold
46	a compound can be chemically separated into the elements that it is made of	nongold
47	state of matter is a kind of physical property	nongold
48	When Chemical X is added to a certain liquid, the chemical breaks into Substances Y and Z. It is not possible to break Substances Y and Z into simpler particles. Which statement is best supported by this evidence?	question
49	electron configuration is a property of elements	nongold
50	materials are made of matter	nongold
51	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	gold
52	a solid is a kind of substance	nongold
53	all elements are a kind of pure substance	gold
54	compound is a kind of chemical	nongold
55	separating is similar to breaking	gold
56	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	gold
