0	Scientists analyze all results.	answer
1	a theory is a kind of idea that has been tested and supported by results repeatedly	nongold
2	Scientists analyze all results.	answer
3	to produce means to create	nongold
4	to try means to make an effort	gold
5	Scientists perform experiments to test hypotheses. How do scientists try to remain objective during experiments?	question
6	analyzing all results has a  positive impact on the effort to remain objective during experiments	gold
7	to be formed by is to be the result of	nongold
8	to happen means to occur	nongold
9	high is similar to increase	nongold
10	observations; data are a part of the results of an experiment	nongold
11	process is similar to method	nongold
12	analyzing all results has a  positive impact on the effort to remain objective during experiments	gold
13	if an experiment is repeated then the results are more likely to be correct due to fewer errors being made	nongold
14	instrument means tool	nongold
15	impact means effect	nongold
16	An example of evidence for a scientific theory is observations	nongold
17	to generate means to create	nongold
18	change is a kind of process	nongold
19	to try means to make an effort	gold
20	result means outcome	nongold
21	can be means able to be	nongold
22	Scientists analyze all results.	answer
23	human is a kind of organism	nongold
24	comparing data increases; improves the likelihood of obtaining accurate experiment results	nongold
25	a problem has a negative impact on a thing	nongold
26	Scientists perform experiments to test hypotheses. How do scientists try to remain objective during experiments?	question
27	to remain means to stay where it is	nongold
28	good means positive	nongold
29	analyzing all results has a  positive impact on the effort to remain objective during experiments	gold
30	a negative impact is a kind of consequence; risk	nongold
31	an organism is a living thing	nongold
32	high-quality means positive	nongold
33	formation of a state of matter is a kind of process	nongold
34	something that happens is a kind of event	nongold
35	to increase is similar to to create	nongold
36	to generate means to form	nongold
37	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
38	Scientists perform experiments to test hypotheses. How do scientists try to remain objective during experiments?	question
39	to change means to have an effect	nongold
40	a part of a process means a stage in a process	nongold
41	to create means to make	nongold
42	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
43	a scientific inference is a kind of explanation based on facts that is not a direct observation	nongold
44	a scientist is a kind of human	nongold
45	to try means to make an effort	gold
46	product means result	nongold
47	emit means produce	nongold
48	bias can cause error in an experiment	nongold
49	Scientists perform experiments to test hypotheses. How do scientists try to remain objective during experiments?	question
50	Scientists analyze all results.	answer
51	experimentation requires measuring	nongold
