0	often is similar to likely	nongold
1	carnivores; omnivores; herbivores are a kind of animal	nongold
2	A scientist studies the remains of two extinct animals to learn more about how they lived. She determines that one animal was a carnivore and the other was an herbivore. Which of the following did the scientist most likely compare to make this conclusion?	question
3	A scientist studies the remains of two extinct animals to learn more about how they lived. She determines that one animal was a carnivore and the other was an herbivore. Which of the following did the scientist most likely compare to make this conclusion?	question
4	carnivores; omnivores are predators	nongold
5	the head is a part of an animal	nongold
6	comparing skeletons of an animal that lived long ago and skeletons of the same species of animal that lived recently can be used to show the evolution of that species	nongold
7	the skull of an animal can be used to determine if that animal was a carnivore or an herbivore	gold
8	determine is similar to cause	nongold
9	predators; carnivores; omnivores eat other animals	nongold
10	a reptile is a kind of animal	nongold
11	both means two	nongold
12	a bird is a kind of living thing	nongold
13	the skull of an animal can be used to determine if that animal was a carnivore or an herbivore	gold
14	if a living thing dies then that living thing is dead	nongold
15	a reptile is a kind of vertebrate	nongold
16	learning about something sometimes requires observing that something	nongold
17	many animals are herbivores	nongold
18	a plant is a member of a plant species	nongold
19	making a valid conclusion in an investigation requires a testable hypothesis	nongold
20	determining the type of an organism requires having information about that organism	nongold
21	A scientist studies the remains of two extinct animals to learn more about how they lived. She determines that one animal was a carnivore and the other was an herbivore. Which of the following did the scientist most likely compare to make this conclusion?	question
22	organisms mean life	nongold
23	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
24	mammals is a kind of class	nongold
25	a biologist is a kind of scientist	nongold
26	a squirrel is a kind of herbivore	nongold
27	the skull of the animals	answer
28	A scientist studies the remains of two extinct animals to learn more about how they lived. She determines that one animal was a carnivore and the other was an herbivore. Which of the following did the scientist most likely compare to make this conclusion?	question
29	if a species existed for a relatively short time then that species is now extinct	nongold
30	an animal is a member of an animal species	nongold
31	herbivore means first-level consumer	nongold
32	an organism is a living thing	nongold
33	herbivores only eat plants	nongold
34	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	nongold
35	affected means changed	nongold
36	live means to be alive	nongold
37	a reptile is cold-blooded	nongold
38	remains mean parts of a dead organism	nongold
39	answering questions requires information	nongold
40	comparing requires measuring	nongold
41	if studying something is used to learn about something then that something is a source of information	nongold
42	the skull of the animals	answer
43	an amphibian is a kind of animal	nongold
44	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
45	the skull of the animals	answer
46	the skull of the animals	answer
47	an object is made of its parts	nongold
48	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
49	the skull of an animal can be used to determine if that animal was a carnivore or an herbivore	gold
