0	largest means greatest in size	nongold
1	as the amount; size of something increases , the extensive properties of that something will increase	nongold
2	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	gold
3	a canyon is a kind of landform	nongold
4	Horse's became larger over time.	answer
5	an organism is a living thing	nongold
6	A geologist found fossils of horse bones in different rock layers of a canyon. The fossils in the lower levels show shorter bones than those in the upper-level fossils. Which conclusion is based on the geologist's observations?	question
7	shortest means least; smallest in length	gold
8	length of time means period of time	nongold
9	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
10	becoming is similar to changing	nongold
11	a horse is a kind of animal	gold
12	a dinosaur is a kind of extinct animal	nongold
13	if fossils of an organism change depending on the level in which they were found then that species of organism changed over time	gold
14	to add means to increase	nongold
15	an increase is a kind of change	gold
16	a canyon forming occurs over a period of millions of years	nongold
17	An example of a fossil is the bones of an extinct animal	nongold
18	found in means existing in	nongold
19	increase means more	gold
20	increase means more	gold
21	below means lower down	nongold
22	a canyon is a very deep valley	nongold
23	small is the opposite of large	nongold
24	shortest means least; smallest in length	gold
25	smaller means less; lower in size	nongold
26	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
27	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	gold
28	low is similar to decrease	nongold
29	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
30	skeletal system is made of bones	nongold
31	if fossils of an organism change depending on the level in which they were found then that species of organism changed over time	gold
32	decreasing is similar to becoming smaller	nongold
33	increase means more	gold
34	the Grand Canyon is a kind of canyon	nongold
35	an animal's scales are small in size	nongold
36	growing larger is when size increases	nongold
37	A geologist found fossils of horse bones in different rock layers of a canyon. The fossils in the lower levels show shorter bones than those in the upper-level fossils. Which conclusion is based on the geologist's observations?	question
38	A geologist found fossils of horse bones in different rock layers of a canyon. The fossils in the lower levels show shorter bones than those in the upper-level fossils. Which conclusion is based on the geologist's observations?	question
39	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
40	to vary means to change	nongold
41	an animal is a kind of organism	gold
42	Horse's became larger over time.	answer
43	bone is hard	nongold
44	an animal is a kind of organism	gold
45	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	nongold
46	length is a part of size	gold
47	Horse's became larger over time.	answer
48	index fossils can be used to determine the approximate age of other fossils in that area	nongold
49	the skeleton of an animal can be used for inferring the height; the length of that animal	nongold
50	shortest means least; smallest in length	gold
51	if fossils of an organism change depending on the level in which they were found then that species of organism changed over time	gold
52	level is similar to amount; quantity	nongold
53	less is similar to decrease	gold
54	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	gold
55	an increase is a kind of change	gold
56	less is similar to decrease	gold
57	a horse is a kind of animal	gold
58	a horse is a kind of animal	gold
59	an animal is a kind of organism	gold
60	an increase is a kind of change	gold
61	less is similar to decrease	gold
62	longest means greatest in length	nongold
63	length is a part of size	gold
64	shorter means smaller; less in  height	nongold
65	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
66	high is similar to increase	nongold
67	Horse's became larger over time.	answer
68	length is a part of size	gold
69	A geologist found fossils of horse bones in different rock layers of a canyon. The fossils in the lower levels show shorter bones than those in the upper-level fossils. Which conclusion is based on the geologist's observations?	question
70	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
71	most canyons are formed by flowing rivers through erosion over long periods of time	nongold
72	as distance to an object increases , that object will appear smaller	nongold
73	closer means lower; less; a decrease in distance	nongold
