0	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	nongold
1	a tree is a kind of plant	gold
2	solar energy is a kind of light	nongold
3	the sun is the source of solar energy called sunlight	nongold
4	They change solar energy into chemical energy.	answer
5	change is a kind of process	nongold
6	a tree is a kind of plant	gold
7	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
8	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
9	adding something is a kind of change	nongold
10	a forest contains  lots of plants; trees	nongold
11	chemical energy is a kind of energy	gold
12	photosynthesis is a source of; makes food; energy for the plant by converting carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight into carbohydrates	nongold
13	food is a kind of chemical energy	gold
14	chemical energy is a kind of energy	gold
15	photosynthesis stores; captures energy	nongold
16	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
17	a leaf absorbs sunlight to perform photosynthesis	nongold
18	a leaf is a part of a  green plant	nongold
19	substances have chemical properties	nongold
20	some species of tree are deciduous	nongold
21	food is a kind of chemical energy	gold
22	a pine tree is a kind of tree	nongold
23	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
24	state means form	nongold
25	becoming is similar to changing	nongold
26	to convert means to change	gold
27	form means kind	gold
28	photosynthesis means producers; green plants convert from carbon dioxide and water and solar energy into carbohydrates and food and oxygen for themselves	gold
29	sunlight means solar energy	nongold
30	chemical change is the opposite of physical change	nongold
31	solar energy is a kind of energy	gold
32	wood is a kind of object	nongold
33	photosynthesis means producers; green plants convert from carbon dioxide and water and solar energy into carbohydrates and food and oxygen for themselves	gold
34	Giant redwood trees change energy from one form to another. How is energy changed by the trees?	question
35	to convert means to change	gold
36	form means kind	gold
37	photosynthesis means producers; green plants convert from carbon dioxide and water and solar energy into carbohydrates and food and oxygen for themselves	gold
38	a  plant requires sunlight for photosynthesis	nongold
39	form means kind	gold
40	to convert means to change	gold
41	solar energy is a kind of energy	gold
42	to turn means to change	nongold
43	energy conversion is similar to energy transformation	nongold
44	chemical reaction means chemical bonds change	nongold
45	converting is similar to producing	nongold
46	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
47	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	nongold
48	They change solar energy into chemical energy.	answer
49	solar energy is a kind of energy	gold
50	Giant redwood trees change energy from one form to another. How is energy changed by the trees?	question
51	Giant redwood trees change energy from one form to another. How is energy changed by the trees?	question
52	Giant redwood trees change energy from one form to another. How is energy changed by the trees?	question
53	forming something is a kind of change	nongold
54	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
55	a tree is a kind of plant	gold
56	They change solar energy into chemical energy.	answer
57	acid can cause chemical change	nongold
58	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
59	chemical energy is a kind of energy	gold
60	They change solar energy into chemical energy.	answer
61	food is a kind of chemical energy	gold
62	if an object; a substance; a location absorbs solar energy then that object; that substance will increase in temperature	nongold
63	a redwood tree is a kind of tree	nongold
64	to change means to have an effect	nongold
65	combustion is a kind of chemical change	nongold
