0	oxygenated means having oxygen	nongold
1	if something has a positive impact on something else then increasing the amount of that something has a positive impact on that something else	nongold
2	photosynthesis means producers; green plants convert from carbon dioxide and water and solar energy into carbohydrates and food and oxygen for themselves	nongold
3	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
4	heat means heat energy	nongold
5	most means over 50% of something	nongold
6	to change means to become different	nongold
7	a source of something increases the amount of that something	gold
8	an organism is a living thing	nongold
9	the amount of something is similar to the availability of something	nongold
10	low is similar to decrease	nongold
11	gas is a kind of material	nongold
12	A scientist put several different plants in a sealed container. Every hour, she checked the oxygen in the container to see if it changed. How did the oxygen in the container most likely change?	question
13	gaseous means of gas	nongold
14	A scientist put several different plants in a sealed container. Every hour, she checked the oxygen in the container to see if it changed. How did the oxygen in the container most likely change?	question
15	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
16	an increase is a kind of change	gold
17	hydrogen is a kind of gas at room temperature	nongold
18	as the amount of a source of something decreases , the amount of that something will decrease	nongold
19	The amount of oxygen increased.	answer
20	water is made of hydrogen and oxygen	nongold
21	A scientist put several different plants in a sealed container. Every hour, she checked the oxygen in the container to see if it changed. How did the oxygen in the container most likely change?	question
22	increase means more	nongold
23	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
24	to change means to cause a change	nongold
25	The amount of oxygen increased.	answer
26	a container contains objects; material; substances	nongold
27	constant means not changing	nongold
28	person is synonymous with human	nongold
29	The amount of oxygen increased.	answer
30	The amount of oxygen increased.	answer
31	an increase is a kind of change	gold
32	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
33	a source of something increases the amount of that something	gold
34	A scientist put several different plants in a sealed container. Every hour, she checked the oxygen in the container to see if it changed. How did the oxygen in the container most likely change?	question
35	an increase is a kind of change	gold
36	if there is a loss of something then that something decreases	nongold
37	affected means changed	nongold
38	high is similar to increase	nongold
39	a scientist is a kind of human	nongold
40	variable means able to change	nongold
41	plants are a source of oxygen through photosynthesis	gold
42	water contains dissolved oxygen	nongold
43	plants are a source of oxygen through photosynthesis	gold
44	plants are a source of oxygen through photosynthesis	gold
45	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
46	if something emits something else then that something increases the amount of that something else	nongold
47	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
48	as the size of a source of something increases , the amount of the something that that source produces will decrease	nongold
49	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
50	a source of something increases the amount of that something	gold
51	once per means every	nongold
52	releasing something into the atmosphere increases the amount of that something in the atmosphere	nongold
53	researcher is a kind of scientist	nongold
54	a plant absorbs carbon dioxide from the air for photosynthesis	nongold
