0	if it is night then the sun has set	nongold
1	solar energy is a kind of light	nongold
2	the sun rising; setting occurs once per day	nongold
3	the sun is the source of solar energy called sunlight	nongold
4	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
5	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
6	an object; material; substance comes from that object or material's source	nongold
7	where something  comes from is a source of that something	gold
8	planets reflect the light of the sun	nongold
9	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
10	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
11	where something  comes from is a source of that something	gold
12	the moon reflects sunlight towards the Earth	gold
13	an object is made of its parts	nongold
14	to shine means to emit light	nongold
15	a star is a source of light; light energy through nuclear reactions	nongold
16	a full moon is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
17	visible light is a kind of  light	nongold
18	as the light reflected off of an object increases , the object will appear to be brighter	nongold
19	an event is a kind of action	nongold
20	brighter means higher; greater in brightness	nongold
21	reflection is when light is reflected from one object; one place to  another object; another place	nongold
22	the moon is less bright than the sun	nongold
23	Earth is a kind of planet	nongold
24	sunlight produces heat	nongold
25	shiny things; objects reflect light	nongold
26	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
27	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
28	if an object reflects light toward the eye then that object can be seen	nongold
29	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
30	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
31	the moon reflects sunlight towards the Earth	gold
32	a moon is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
33	the Earth rotating on its axis causes  stars; the Moon to appear to move across the sky at night	nongold
34	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
35	light is a kind of wave	nongold
36	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
37	the Earth revolves around the sun	nongold
38	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
39	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
40	can be means able to be	nongold
41	reflecting light; sound is the opposite of absorbing light; sound	nongold
42	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
43	where something  comes from is a source of that something	gold
44	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
45	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
46	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
47	At night, the Moon is the brightest object in the sky. Where does the Moon's light come from?	question
48	the sun is a source of radiation; heat called sunlight	nongold
49	bright means bright; light in color	nongold
50	The Moon reflects light from the Sun.	answer
51	the moon reflects sunlight towards the Earth	gold
52	darkness occurs at night	nongold
53	light reflecting off of an object causes that object to be visible to the observer	nongold
54	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	gold
