0	When a person chews, saliva from the mouth mixes with starches in food. These starches begin to turn into sugars. Changing starches into sugars is best described as	question
1	An example of a chemical property is how a material reacts chemically	nongold
2	substances are made of matter	nongold
3	change is a kind of process	nongold
4	eating;digestion is when an organism takes in nutrients from food into itself by eating	nongold
5	human is a kind of organism	nongold
6	breaking down fat and sugar is a kind of  chemical reaction	nongold
7	the properties of something are used for describing that something	nongold
8	sugar is a kind of pure substance	nongold
9	to eat means to consume food	nongold
10	An example of a chemical change is starch turning into sugar through reactions with saliva	gold
11	table sugar is a kind of sugar	nongold
12	An example of a chemical change is starch turning into sugar through reactions with saliva	gold
13	cooking causes a chemical reaction	nongold
14	affected means changed	nongold
15	sugar causes food to taste sweet	nongold
16	a person is a kind of animal	nongold
17	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
18	a chemical change.	answer
19	chemical reactions cause new substances; different substances to form	nongold
20	pasteurization is a kind of process	nongold
21	combustion is a kind of chemical change	nongold
22	An example of a chemical change is starch turning into sugar through reactions with saliva	gold
23	sugar is a kind of food	nongold
24	if an object undergoes chemical change then that object will have new chemical properties	nongold
25	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
26	if a material; a substance is a mixture of two or more materials or substances then that material; substance is made; is formed; contains those materials; substances	nongold
27	diet means what an animal eats	nongold
28	When a person chews, saliva from the mouth mixes with starches in food. These starches begin to turn into sugars. Changing starches into sugars is best described as	question
29	chemical reactions cause chemical change	nongold
30	converting is similar to turning into	nongold
31	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
32	a phase change is when matter; a substance changes from one state of matter into another state of matter	nongold
33	most chemical reactions release or absorb heat energy	nongold
34	a chemical change.	answer
35	starch is a kind of  complex carbohydrate	nongold
36	compound is a kind of chemical	nongold
37	When a person chews, saliva from the mouth mixes with starches in food. These starches begin to turn into sugars. Changing starches into sugars is best described as	question
38	When a person chews, saliva from the mouth mixes with starches in food. These starches begin to turn into sugars. Changing starches into sugars is best described as	question
39	digestion is when stomach acid breaks down food	nongold
40	substances are made of molecules	nongold
41	a chemical change.	answer
42	converting is similar to producing	nongold
43	starch is a kind of food	nongold
44	an organism is a living thing	nongold
45	a reaction is a kind of process	nongold
46	when an animal eats or drinks something , that animal tastes that something	nongold
47	sugary means high in sugar	nongold
48	variable means able to change	nongold
49	a chemical change.	answer
