0	the respiratory system is a kind of human; organ; body system	nongold
1	the lungs are a part of the respiratory system	gold
2	person is synonymous with human	nongold
3	exhaling  is when an animal expels air from the lungs	nongold
4	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	gold
5	a body system is a kind of object	nongold
6	the circulatory system brings oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body	gold
7	the nervous system is a kind of body; organ system	nongold
8	blood is a part of the circulatory system	nongold
9	the circulatory system is a kind of human; organ; body system	nongold
10	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	gold
11	a body system is a part of the body; an animal	nongold
12	each is similar to individual	nongold
13	similar means in common	nongold
14	They both bring oxygen to the body.	answer
15	the lungs are a part of the respiratory system	gold
16	the circulatory system brings oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body	gold
17	breathing  is when a lung converts from oxygen in air into oxygen in blood	nongold
18	the respiratory system takes in oxygen from the air	gold
19	internal organs are a part of the body	nongold
20	transferring is similar to supplying	nongold
21	to breathe in means to absorb air	nongold
22	human is similar to individual	nongold
23	to flow is similar to to transfer	nongold
24	Kendall studied the ways in which human body systems work together. He compared the respiratory and circulatory systems. In which way are these two systems similar to each other?	question
25	the respiratory system takes in oxygen from the air	gold
26	Kendall studied the ways in which human body systems work together. He compared the respiratory and circulatory systems. In which way are these two systems similar to each other?	question
27	breathing is a kind of process	nongold
28	Kendall studied the ways in which human body systems work together. He compared the respiratory and circulatory systems. In which way are these two systems similar to each other?	question
29	bringing oxygen to the body is a kind of function	gold
30	to work means to function	nongold
31	the mouth is a part of the respiratory system	nongold
32	apart is the opposite of together	nongold
33	if something changes , then that something is not the same	nongold
34	air is a kind of gas	nongold
35	the circulatory system brings oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body	gold
36	the absorption of oxygen through the blood occurs in the lungs	nongold
37	the lungs are a part of the respiratory system	gold
38	the circulatory system absorbs; carries food; substances from the digestive system to the rest of the body	nongold
39	circulation the circulatory system transports blood throughout the body	nongold
40	transfer is a kind of process	nongold
41	opposite is a kind of different	nongold
42	breathing is a kind of  function	nongold
43	an organism is a living thing	nongold
44	bringing oxygen to the body is a kind of function	gold
45	They both bring oxygen to the body.	answer
46	Kendall studied the ways in which human body systems work together. He compared the respiratory and circulatory systems. In which way are these two systems similar to each other?	question
47	studying is similar to observing	nongold
48	to change means to become different	nongold
49	both means two	nongold
50	to transfer means to bring; to get something to	nongold
51	to add means to increase	nongold
52	if something is not the same as something else then that something is different from that something else	nongold
53	They both bring oxygen to the body.	answer
54	bringing oxygen to the body is a kind of function	gold
55	the respiratory system takes in oxygen from the air	gold
56	if two things are made from the same objects; material then those two things are similar	nongold
57	comparing requires observing that something	nongold
58	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	gold
59	They both bring oxygen to the body.	answer
60	organ system means body system	nongold
