0	to remain means to stay the same	nongold
1	left in the sun means exposed to the sun	nongold
2	to place in is similar to to move to	nongold
3	to protect means to make safe	nongold
4	heat means heat energy	nongold
5	lowest means least in value; amount; number	nongold
6	covering something is a kind of protection	nongold
7	lighting a candle causes that candle to burn	gold
8	lighting a candle causes that candle to burn	gold
9	if something is left out in the open then that something is exposed to oxygen	gold
10	the candle left out in the open	answer
11	light can travel through a vacuum	nongold
12	left out of means moved from	nongold
13	a measure of time is a length of time	nongold
14	the candle left out in the open	answer
15	low is similar to decrease	nongold
16	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
17	keeping means staying	nongold
18	space is a vacuum	nongold
19	to keep something occurring means to cause that something to occur	nongold
20	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
21	stay the same means not changing	nongold
22	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
23	a device is a kind of object	nongold
24	to lower means to decrease	nongold
25	live is similar to stay	nongold
26	an insulator is the opposite of a conductor	nongold
27	if something is left out in the open then that something is exposed to oxygen	gold
28	if the surface of an object contains something then that object is covered with that something	nongold
29	lighting a candle causes that candle to burn	gold
30	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
31	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
32	the candle left out in the open	answer
33	motionless means staying in the same place	nongold
34	leaving is a kind of movement	nongold
35	size; amount of space means volume	nongold
36	increase means more	nongold
37	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
38	if an object is placed in a liquid , then the  increased volume of the liquid will be equal to the volume of that object	nongold
39	if a container contains something then that container touches that something	nongold
40	leaving something undisturbed means not changing that something	nongold
41	shortest means least; smallest in length	nongold
42	dark means a low amount of light	nongold
43	the candle left out in the open	answer
44	fewest means lowest; least in number	nongold
45	amount of daylight means length of daylight	nongold
46	Four identical candles are set on a safe surface and lit. One is covered with a small-sized jar, one is covered with a large-sized jar, and one candle is left in the open. A fourth lit candle is placed in a vacuum. Which candle will most likely stay lit the longest?	question
47	the length of time of a substance burning can be used to measure the amount of the chemical energy in the substance	nongold
48	a candle is a kind of object	nongold
49	how long something takes is a kind of measurement of time	nongold
50	shorter means decreased length	nongold
51	if something is left out in the open then that something is exposed to oxygen	gold
