0	where something  comes from is a source of that something	nongold
1	oil is a source of energy	nongold
2	a renewable resource is a kind of natural resource	nongold
3	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
4	oil is a nonrenewable resource	nongold
5	wind	answer
6	wind is a source of energy	gold
7	if something is powered by something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
8	a component means a part of	nongold
9	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
10	a nonrenewable resource is limited in supply	nongold
11	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
12	as the use of a resource decreases , the length of time that resource will be available increases	nongold
13	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
14	nonrenewable resources forming occurs over a period of 300000000 years which is considered a  very long time to a human	nongold
15	less means a reduced amount	nongold
16	oil is a kind of fossil fuel	nongold
17	wind	answer
18	if something is a raw material then that something comes directly from a source	nongold
19	less is similar to decrease	nongold
20	a component of something means a part of that something	nongold
21	inexhaustible means always available	nongold
22	the amount of something is similar to the availability of something	nongold
23	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
24	fuel supply is a kind of resource	nongold
25	less is the opposite of more	nongold
26	make means produce	nongold
27	wind	answer
28	device means tool	nongold
29	a process is a kind of event	nongold
30	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
31	if something generates energy for something else then that something powers that something else	nongold
32	wind is a source of energy	gold
33	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
34	wind is a source of energy	gold
35	an energy source is a kind of resource	gold
36	renewable resources can be used over again	nongold
37	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
38	if something causes an increase in something else then that something produces that something else	nongold
39	if a resource is limited in supply then that resource needs to be replaced	nongold
40	instrument means device	nongold
41	Nonrenewable sources of energy have limited supplies. Researchers are developing devices that will make renewable energy more available. Which is a source of renewable energy?	question
42	wind	answer
43	researcher is a kind of scientist	nongold
44	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
45	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
46	emit means produce	nongold
47	a fossil fuel is a kind of natural resource	nongold
48	to cause means to make	nongold
49	generate means produce	nongold
50	wind speed is a property of weather	nongold
51	wind is a renewable; inexhaustible resource	gold
52	as the use of renewable resources use of renewable resources increases , use of nonrenewable resources will decrease	nongold
53	if something requires something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
