0	determine is similar to cause	gold
1	if a property affects a value then that property is needed to calculate that value	nongold
2	temperature.	answer
3	a student is a kind of human	nongold
4	temperature.	answer
5	increase means more	nongold
6	as the state  of matter changes , the color of the object will stay the same	nongold
7	the sun is a kind of yellow dwarf	nongold
8	largest amount means most	nongold
9	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
10	bright means bright; light in color	nongold
11	a star's surface temperature causes the star's  color	gold
12	greater means higher; more in value	nongold
13	A student uses a telescope to view stars at night. The student notices some of the stars are different colors. The color of a star is determined most by its	question
14	if an object reflects a light of a certain color then the object appears to be that color	nongold
15	a star's surface temperature causes the star's  color	gold
16	observe means see	nongold
17	measuring is a kind of observing	nongold
18	coloration means a pattern of colors	nongold
19	temperature.	answer
20	yellow is a kind of color	nongold
21	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
22	determine is similar to cause	gold
23	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
24	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
25	can be means able to be	nongold
26	a star's type is determined by the star's mass	nongold
27	stars can be classified by temperature; color; chemical composition; brightness	nongold
28	according to is similar to be determined by	nongold
29	A student uses a telescope to view stars at night. The student notices some of the stars are different colors. The color of a star is determined most by its	question
30	seeing is used for sensing visual things	nongold
31	as the temperature of an object increases , the size of that object will increase	nongold
32	less is the opposite of more	nongold
33	to measure means to calculate	nongold
34	the properties of something can be used to identify; used to describe that something	nongold
35	phase means state	nongold
36	identifying is similar to determining	nongold
37	determine is similar to cause	gold
38	temperature.	answer
39	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
40	determining often requires measuring; observing	nongold
41	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	nongold
42	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
43	to lower means to decrease	nongold
44	blue is a kind of color	nongold
45	low is similar to decrease	nongold
46	constant means not changing	nongold
47	the color of an object can be discovered by looking at that object	nongold
48	furthest; farthest means greatest; most; highest in distance	nongold
49	A student uses a telescope to view stars at night. The student notices some of the stars are different colors. The color of a star is determined most by its	question
50	a star's surface temperature causes the star's  color	gold
51	A student uses a telescope to view stars at night. The student notices some of the stars are different colors. The color of a star is determined most by its	question
52	to view means to see	nongold
