0	a box is a kind of object	gold
1	changes potential energy into kinetic energy through motion	nongold
2	as the liquid in a tube expands , the height of  the liquid in that tube will increase	nongold
3	potential energy is a measure of the energy of an object due to position relative to other objects	gold
4	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
5	mass is similar to size	nongold
6	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
7	as the mass of an object increases , the potential energy of that object will increase	gold
8	potential energy is a kind of energy	nongold
9	the ceiling is at the top of a room	nongold
10	to lift means to move up	nongold
11	as the mass of an object increases , the potential energy of that object will increase	gold
12	an object exerts an upward force objects that sit on that object	nongold
13	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
14	increase means more	nongold
15	a classroom is a kind of a room	nongold
16	ground means floor	nongold
17	to assemble means to make	nongold
18	if a property affects a value then that property is needed to calculate that value	gold
19	moving changes potential energy; stored energy into kinetic energy and heat energy	nongold
20	as the altitude of an object increases ,  the  potential energy of the object  will increase	nongold
21	mass is a property of objects; matter	gold
22	tall means great in height	nongold
23	timing; multiplying is a kind of calculating	nongold
24	as the mass of an object increases , the potential energy of that object will increase	gold
25	height is a kind of position	gold
26	height is a kind of position	gold
27	a weight is a kind of object	nongold
28	calculating is similar to estimating	gold
29	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
30	mass is a property of objects; matter	gold
31	material means substance	nongold
32	weight means the force of gravity acting on an object	nongold
33	horizontal change of motion do not change the potential energy of an object	nongold
34	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
35	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
36	curiosity means the need to know new information	nongold
37	density is a measure of mass of an object over volume; divided by volume	nongold
38	answering questions requires information	nongold
39	to measure means to calculate	gold
40	up means upward	nongold
41	potential energy is a measure of the energy of an object due to position relative to other objects	gold
42	height is a property of the size of an object	nongold
43	organizing is sorting something by their properties in order	nongold
44	a box is a kind of object	gold
45	height is a kind of position	gold
46	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
47	if a property affects a value then that property is needed to calculate that value	gold
48	An example of a container is room	nongold
49	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
50	mass is a property of objects; matter	gold
51	if a property affects a value then that property is needed to calculate that value	gold
52	potential is a kind of ability	nongold
53	height is a measure of length from the top of an object to the bottom of an object	nongold
54	calculating is similar to estimating	gold
55	size; amount of space means volume	nongold
56	the floor is a kind of object	nongold
57	as kinetic energy increases , the potential energy will decrease	nongold
58	a box is a kind of object	gold
59	to measure means to calculate	gold
60	to measure means to calculate	gold
61	a scale is used for measuring weight	nongold
62	potential energy is a measure of the energy of an object due to position relative to other objects	gold
63	calculating is similar to estimating	gold
64	to travel up means to rise	nongold
65	mechanical energy of a system includes the sum of kinetic energy and potential energy  in the system	nongold
66	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
67	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
