0	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
1	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	gold
2	performing a task in less time; more quickly; faster has a positive impact on a person's life	gold
3	farming decreases animal habitats	nongold
4	to make something easier means to help	nongold
5	Farmers can remove more trees in less time.	answer
6	Farmers in the 1800s used axes to clear trees from farmland. Now, farmers use chainsaws to clear the trees. How do chainsaws most likely help farmers?	question
7	clearing is similar to removing	nongold
8	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	nongold
9	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
10	how long something takes is a kind of measurement of time	nongold
11	protecting something means preventing harm to that something	nongold
12	a tree is a kind of living thing	nongold
13	to help; to benefit means to be of use	nongold
14	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
15	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
16	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	gold
17	a chainsaw is used for removing trees by humans in less time than an axe	gold
18	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
19	a chainsaw is used for removing trees by humans in less time than an axe	gold
20	farming happens on a farm	nongold
21	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
22	requiring is similar to needing help	nongold
23	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	gold
24	killing means harming something causing death	nongold
25	clearing a forest means humans cutting down the trees	nongold
26	performing a task in less time; more quickly; faster has a positive impact on a person's life	gold
27	to add means to increase	nongold
28	Farmers in the 1800s used axes to clear trees from farmland. Now, farmers use chainsaws to clear the trees. How do chainsaws most likely help farmers?	question
29	Farmers can remove more trees in less time.	answer
30	removing a forest means cutting down the trees in that forest	nongold
31	removing trees is a kind of task	gold
32	a farmer is a kind of human	gold
33	Farmers in the 1800s used axes to clear trees from farmland. Now, farmers use chainsaws to clear the trees. How do chainsaws most likely help farmers?	question
34	if something transports something else then that something removes that something else from a place	nongold
35	a farmer is a kind of human	gold
36	removing dead organisms from an ecosystem causes available nutrients to be removed from that ecosystem	nongold
37	removing trees is a kind of task	gold
38	a farmer is a kind of human	gold
39	Farmers in the 1800s used axes to clear trees from farmland. Now, farmers use chainsaws to clear the trees. How do chainsaws most likely help farmers?	question
40	remove means decrease	nongold
41	less means a reduced amount	nongold
42	performing a task in less time; more quickly; faster has a positive impact on a person's life	gold
43	farming is a kind of process	nongold
44	cutting down trees has a  negative impact on an ecosystem; organisms living in an ecosystem	nongold
45	people can plant trees	nongold
46	if something has a negative impact on something else then increasing the amount of that something has a negative impact on that something else	nongold
47	Farmers can remove more trees in less time.	answer
48	best means most positive	nongold
49	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
50	Farmers can remove more trees in less time.	answer
51	a chainsaw is used for removing trees by humans in less time than an axe	gold
52	damage has a negative impact on a thing	nongold
53	removing trees is a kind of task	gold
54	a tree contains wood	nongold
55	help means advantage	nongold
56	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
57	damage means harm	nongold
58	good means positive	nongold
59	greatest means largest; highest; most amount of something	nongold
