0	planets orbit stars	nongold
1	Earth's tilt on its rotating axis causes seasons to change; to occur	gold
2	the sun is the source of solar energy called sunlight	nongold
3	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
4	cooler means colder	nongold
5	the Earth revolving around the Sun causes the seasons to change; to occur on its axis	gold
6	less is the opposite of more	nongold
7	yearly means every year	nongold
8	summer is when a hemisphere is tilted towards the sun	nongold
9	a moon is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
10	Earth revolves around the Sun.	answer
11	sunlight is a kind of light	nongold
12	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
13	the Earth revolving around the Sun causes the seasons to change; to occur on its axis	gold
14	winter is a kind of season	nongold
15	Earth revolves around the Sun.	answer
16	less means a reduced amount	nongold
17	seasonal changes are made in response to changes in the environment	nongold
18	the amount of daylight is greatest in the summer	nongold
19	sunshine means sunlight	nongold
20	Felicia noticed how air temperatures were cooler and there were fewer hours of daylight during some of the seasons. Which of the following contributes to these seasonal changes?	question
21	the Earth revolves around the sun	gold
22	each season occurs once per year	nongold
23	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
24	less is similar to decrease	nongold
25	the Earth revolving around the Sun causes the seasons to change; to occur on its axis	gold
26	a revolution occurs when something revolves around something else	nongold
27	Earth revolves around the Sun.	answer
28	the moon orbits the Earth	nongold
29	daylight means sunlight	nongold
30	when the season changes , the amount of daylight will change	nongold
31	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
32	Earth's rotation causes time zones	nongold
33	Felicia noticed how air temperatures were cooler and there were fewer hours of daylight during some of the seasons. Which of the following contributes to these seasonal changes?	question
34	Earth's tilt on its rotating axis causes seasons to change; to occur	gold
35	a rotation of the moon takes 1; one month	nongold
36	a component of something means a part of that something	nongold
37	Felicia noticed how air temperatures were cooler and there were fewer hours of daylight during some of the seasons. Which of the following contributes to these seasonal changes?	question
38	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
39	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
40	orbit means orbital path	nongold
41	the Earth being tilted on its axis causes one side of the Earth; one hemisphere to receive less energy from the Sun than the other side	nongold
42	Felicia noticed how air temperatures were cooler and there were fewer hours of daylight during some of the seasons. Which of the following contributes to these seasonal changes?	question
43	the Earth revolves around the sun	gold
44	setting is a kind of motion	nongold
45	Earth orbiting the Sun causes seasons to change	nongold
46	the sun rising and setting causes cycles of day and night	nongold
47	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
48	a half of Earth is a hemisphere of Earth	nongold
49	the amount of daylight is greatest on the summer solstice	nongold
50	season is a major yearly temperature change	nongold
51	Earth revolves around the Sun.	answer
52	Earth's tilt on its rotating axis causes seasons to change; to occur	gold
53	Earth's revolution is a kind of cycle	nongold
54	the Earth revolves around the sun	gold
