0	elliptical is a kind of shape	gold
1	made up of means contains; made of	nongold
2	stay the same means not changing	nongold
3	planets in the solar system orbit the Sun	gold
4	similarity means the same property	nongold
5	form means kind	nongold
6	a elliptical galaxy is a kind of galaxy	nongold
7	Neptune is a kind of planet in the solar system	nongold
8	When studying planetary data, Jackie found some similarities and differences among the planets that make up the solar system. Which generalization is true about the orbits of the major planets in the solar system?	question
9	according to is similar to be determined by	nongold
10	Mars is a kind of planet	nongold
11	round means circular in shape	nongold
12	if an object orbits a celestial object then that object is probably a celestial object as well	nongold
13	unique  is the opposite of diverse	nongold
14	system is similar to structure	nongold
15	structure is similar to shape	nongold
16	to be made of means to consist of	nongold
17	galaxies can be classified  by shape	nongold
18	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
19	irregular is a kind of shape	nongold
20	the solar system is a kind of system	nongold
21	to convert means to change	nongold
22	high is similar to increase	nongold
23	When studying planetary data, Jackie found some similarities and differences among the planets that make up the solar system. Which generalization is true about the orbits of the major planets in the solar system?	question
24	elliptical is a kind of shape	gold
25	elliptical is a kind of shape	gold
26	if something is definite in shape then that something will not change shape easily	nongold
27	When studying planetary data, Jackie found some similarities and differences among the planets that make up the solar system. Which generalization is true about the orbits of the major planets in the solar system?	question
28	revolving  around something means orbiting that something	nongold
29	astronomy is the study of celestial (objects, bodies)	nongold
30	planets orbit stars	nongold
31	variable means able to change	nongold
32	planetary orbits are mostly elliptical	gold
33	to vary means to change	nongold
34	Planetary orbits are mostly elliptical in shape.	answer
35	shape is a kind of characteristic	nongold
36	resemble means similar characteristics	nongold
37	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
38	approximately means about	nongold
39	When studying planetary data, Jackie found some similarities and differences among the planets that make up the solar system. Which generalization is true about the orbits of the major planets in the solar system?	question
40	Planetary orbits are mostly elliptical in shape.	answer
41	planets in the solar system orbit the Sun	gold
42	shape is a kind of physical property	nongold
43	a planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet	nongold
44	gravity causes orbits	nongold
45	if two objects are similar , then the two objects share properties	nongold
46	planetary orbits are mostly elliptical	gold
47	planetary orbits are mostly elliptical	gold
48	Earth is a kind of planet	nongold
49	orbit means orbital path	nongold
50	planets in the solar system orbit the Sun	gold
51	a dwarf planet is usually much smaller in size; in mass than other planets	nongold
52	distance is a property of space and includes ordered values of close; far	nongold
53	Planetary orbits are mostly elliptical in shape.	answer
54	Planetary orbits are mostly elliptical in shape.	answer
