0	increase means more	gold
1	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
2	humans changing ecosystems;environments usually has a  negative impact on an ecosystem; organisms living in an ecosystem	nongold
3	There is more rain in the forest.	answer
4	Nicole was studying different ecosystems. She compared the number of plants living in a forest to those in a desert. Which factor best explains why more plants may survive in a forest?	question
5	Nicole was studying different ecosystems. She compared the number of plants living in a forest to those in a desert. Which factor best explains why more plants may survive in a forest?	question
6	best means most positive	nongold
7	an animal requires a habitat for survival	nongold
8	a plants; living things require water for survival; to grow	gold
9	a plants; living things require water for survival; to grow	gold
10	less is similar to decrease	nongold
11	rainfall is the amount of rain an area receives	gold
12	population increase means more survive	gold
13	a forest is a kind of environment	gold
14	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
15	a desert is a kind of environment	gold
16	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
17	a rain forest is a kind of forest	nongold
18	rainfall is the amount of rain an area receives	gold
19	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
20	an environment means an area	gold
21	a plants; living things require water for survival; to grow	gold
22	rainfall means precipitation	nongold
23	Antarctica is a kind of desert	nongold
24	rain is a kind of water	gold
25	plants are a part of the environment	nongold
26	population increase means more survive	gold
27	cutting down trees in a forest causes the number of trees to decrease in that forest	nongold
28	little is similar to decrease	nongold
29	rain is a kind of water	gold
30	less is the opposite of more	nongold
31	a forest environment receives more rainfall than a desert	gold
32	as the amount of rainfall increases in an area , the amount of available water in that area will increase	gold
33	an environment means an area	gold
34	fire causes harm to trees; to forests; to living things	nongold
35	There is more rain in the forest.	answer
36	as the amount of rainfall increases in an area , the amount of available water in that area will increase	gold
37	an environment is similar to an ecosystem	nongold
38	rain is a kind of water	gold
39	increase means more	gold
40	a desert is a kind of environment	gold
41	forest is synonymous with wooded area	nongold
42	a forest environment receives more rainfall than a desert	gold
43	a forest is a kind of environment	gold
44	a desert is a kind of environment	gold
45	killing a living thing decreases the number; population size of that living thing	nongold
46	There is more rain in the forest.	answer
47	Nicole was studying different ecosystems. She compared the number of plants living in a forest to those in a desert. Which factor best explains why more plants may survive in a forest?	question
48	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	gold
49	a plant requires a specific climate to grow and survive	nongold
50	as the amount of rainfall increases in an area , the amount of available water in that area will increase	gold
51	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
52	less means a reduced amount	nongold
53	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
54	precipitation is a kind of natural occurrence; cause	nongold
55	population increase means more survive	gold
56	Nicole was studying different ecosystems. She compared the number of plants living in a forest to those in a desert. Which factor best explains why more plants may survive in a forest?	question
57	a forest environment receives more rainfall than a desert	gold
58	rainfall is the amount of rain an area receives	gold
59	organisms; living things live in their habitat; their home	nongold
60	increase means more	gold
61	There is more rain in the forest.	answer
62	a desert environment is low in availability of water; availability of food	nongold
63	to lower means to decrease	nongold
64	raining is when rain falls from clouds to the Earth;ground as a liquid	nongold
65	rain is a source of water	nongold
66	if the amount of; quantity of something stops decreasing then the amount of; quantity of that something may  increase	nongold
67	survive means live	nongold
68	comparing requires observing that something	nongold
69	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
70	an environment means an area	gold
71	rain; snow falls	nongold
72	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
73	rain is a kind of precipitation	nongold
74	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	nongold
75	a forest is a kind of environment	gold
