0	a  plant requires sunlight for photosynthesis	nongold
1	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	gold
2	best means most positive	nongold
3	a plant; living thing requires nutrients to grow	gold
4	a plant is a member of a plant species	nongold
5	weed is a kind of plant	gold
6	a plant; living thing requires nutrients to grow	gold
7	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
8	nitrogen is a kind of nutrient for plant growth	nongold
9	plants absorb nutrients; water; oxygen from soil into themselves through their roots	nongold
10	a plants; living things require water for survival; to grow	nongold
11	a wildflower is a kind of flower	nongold
12	soil contains nutrients for plants	nongold
13	if something is a raw material in a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
14	a flower is a part of a plant for attracting pollinators; producing seeds	gold
15	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	nongold
16	weeds use up nutrients	gold
17	a flower is a kind of plant	nongold
18	eating; taking in food is used to get nutrients;energy by animals; living things	nongold
19	an animal needs to eat food for nutrients	nongold
20	roots are a vehicle for absorbing water and nutrients from soil into the plant	nongold
21	a rose is a kind of flower	gold
22	a  plant requires sunlight to  grow	nongold
23	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	gold
24	good means positive	nongold
25	A student plants rosebushes in her front yard. The student is frequently seen pulling weeds from the base of the rosebushes. What is the most likely reason that the weeds are pulled?	question
26	dead organisms are the source of nutrients for decomposers	nongold
27	a plant; living thing requires nutrients to grow	gold
28	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
29	high quality; rich; good soil has a high number of nutrients; amount of nitrogen	nongold
30	if a weed is pulled then that weed is destroyed	gold
31	Weeds use nutrients the roses need to grow.	answer
32	nutrients are a kind of resource	gold
33	vegetation means plants	nongold
34	requiring too much of a resource has a negative impact on the availiability of that resource	nongold
35	A student plants rosebushes in her front yard. The student is frequently seen pulling weeds from the base of the rosebushes. What is the most likely reason that the weeds are pulled?	question
36	Weeds use nutrients the roses need to grow.	answer
37	A student plants rosebushes in her front yard. The student is frequently seen pulling weeds from the base of the rosebushes. What is the most likely reason that the weeds are pulled?	question
38	A student plants rosebushes in her front yard. The student is frequently seen pulling weeds from the base of the rosebushes. What is the most likely reason that the weeds are pulled?	question
39	if a weed is pulled then that weed is destroyed	gold
40	a flower is a part of a plant for attracting pollinators; producing seeds	gold
41	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
42	a plant is a kind of living thing	gold
43	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
44	growth is a kind of process	nongold
45	nutrients are a kind of resource	gold
46	a rose is a kind of flower	gold
47	if a weed is pulled then that weed is destroyed	gold
48	Weeds use nutrients the roses need to grow.	answer
49	nutrients are a kind of resource	gold
50	soil is a renewable resource for growing plants	nongold
51	weeds use up nutrients	gold
52	a plant is a kind of living thing	gold
53	weed is a kind of plant	gold
54	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	gold
55	Weeds use nutrients the roses need to grow.	answer
56	nutrients are a source of energy for living things	nongold
57	if something is required then that something must be provided	nongold
58	an organism requires energy for growth; repair	nongold
59	requiring is similar to needing help	nongold
60	if something is required for a process then that something positively impacts that process	nongold
61	a cause of something is a reason for that something	nongold
62	a flower is a part of a plant for attracting pollinators; producing seeds	gold
63	weeds use up nutrients	gold
64	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
65	weed is a kind of plant	gold
66	a shrub is a kind of plant	nongold
67	a plant is a kind of living thing	gold
68	a rose is a kind of flower	gold
69	a process usually requires all of the stages in that process	nongold
70	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
