0	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
1	lunar phase is synonymous with moon phase	nongold
2	the sun rising and setting causes cycles of day and night	nongold
3	monthly means once per month	gold
4	the sun rising is a kind of event	nongold
5	the moon orbits the Earth	nongold
6	each of the moon's phases occurs once per month	gold
7	to keep a process or event happening is similar to causing that process or event to happen	nongold
8	a moon phase is a kind of natural event	gold
9	phases of the moon	answer
10	a full moon is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
11	years are a kind of unit for measuring time	nongold
12	the moon rotates on its axis	nongold
13	a full moon occurs after a waxing gibbous moon	nongold
14	a phase of the moon is a kind of state	nongold
15	Scientists know that Earth is constantly changing. They are familiar with the processes that are repeated daily, monthly, and yearly. Which of these is a natural event that can be predicted to occur monthly?	question
16	different seasons occur during different times of the year	nongold
17	once means one time	nongold
18	moons are large; solid; spherical	nongold
19	1 year is equal to 12 months	nongold
20	Scientists know that Earth is constantly changing. They are familiar with the processes that are repeated daily, monthly, and yearly. Which of these is a natural event that can be predicted to occur monthly?	question
21	setting is a kind of motion	nongold
22	variable means able to change	nongold
23	phases of the moon	answer
24	to pass means to occur	nongold
25	once per means every	nongold
26	the Earth revolves around the sun	nongold
27	a waxing crescent is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
28	all the time means at day and at night	nongold
29	a cycle is a kind of process	nongold
30	something that happens is a kind of event	nongold
31	the Moon is Earth's moon	nongold
32	each of the moon's phases occurs once per month	gold
33	an event is a kind of action	nongold
34	a moon phase is a kind of natural event	gold
35	if an event is required for a process then that event must occur before that process can occur	nongold
36	a moon phase occurs 28 days after the last time it occurred	nongold
37	the first quarter phase of the moon occurs after the new moon	nongold
38	phases of the moon	answer
39	the night time is part of one day	nongold
40	high is similar to increase	nongold
41	a new moon occurs 14 days after a full moon	nongold
42	a moon phase is a kind of natural event	gold
43	Scientists know that Earth is constantly changing. They are familiar with the processes that are repeated daily, monthly, and yearly. Which of these is a natural event that can be predicted to occur monthly?	question
44	monthly means once per month	gold
45	phase means state	nongold
46	to add means to increase	nongold
47	Scientists know that Earth is constantly changing. They are familiar with the processes that are repeated daily, monthly, and yearly. Which of these is a natural event that can be predicted to occur monthly?	question
48	each of the moon's phases occurs once per month	gold
49	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
50	monthly means once per month	gold
51	the moon rising occurs once per day	nongold
52	the sun rising; setting occurs once per day	nongold
53	phases of the moon	answer
54	occur is similar to appear	nongold
