0	a process is a kind of event	nongold
1	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
2	a food contains nutrients for living things	nongold
3	food is a kind of substance	nongold
4	Mercury is a kind of planet	nongold
5	high is similar to increase	nongold
6	In the food chain process some types of plankton have the role of producer	gold
7	to undergo is similar to to pass through	nongold
8	A factory in Japan had been dumping mercury into Minamata Bay. Certain microorganisms in the water were able to change the mercury into a form that the plankton could use. Which most likely happened next?	question
9	The mercury passed through the food chain.	answer
10	mercury is a kind of element	gold
11	The mercury passed through the food chain.	answer
12	to happen means to occur	gold
13	to add means to increase	nongold
14	In the food chain process some types of plankton have the role of producer	gold
15	producers pass materials they use through the food chain	gold
16	In the food chain process some types of plankton have the role of producer	gold
17	energy flows in an ecosystem through food chains	nongold
18	food is a kind of object	nongold
19	organisms mean life	nongold
20	to pass means to transfer	nongold
21	manufacturing means making	nongold
22	food is what an animal eats	nongold
23	A factory in Japan had been dumping mercury into Minamata Bay. Certain microorganisms in the water were able to change the mercury into a form that the plankton could use. Which most likely happened next?	question
24	decomposer is a kind of role in the food chain process; in an ecosystem	nongold
25	an organism is a living thing	nongold
26	an animal; bacterium requires oxygen for survival; to breathe	nongold
27	A factory in Japan had been dumping mercury into Minamata Bay. Certain microorganisms in the water were able to change the mercury into a form that the plankton could use. Which most likely happened next?	question
28	The mercury passed through the food chain.	answer
29	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	nongold
30	A factory in Japan had been dumping mercury into Minamata Bay. Certain microorganisms in the water were able to change the mercury into a form that the plankton could use. Which most likely happened next?	question
31	a microorganism is a kind of decomposer	nongold
32	state means form	nongold
33	water is a kind of object	nongold
34	mercury is a kind of element	gold
35	bacteria is a kind of living thing	nongold
36	to convert means to change	nongold
37	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
38	mercury is a kind of element	gold
39	to happen means to occur	gold
40	to happen means to occur	gold
41	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
42	a change is a kind of event	nongold
43	a microorganism is very small in size	nongold
44	passing through is similar to entering	nongold
45	producers pass materials they use through the food chain	gold
46	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	nongold
47	if something is passed down to something else then that something else receives that something	nongold
48	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
49	The mercury passed through the food chain.	answer
50	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
51	can be means able to be	nongold
52	mercury  is a kind of metal	nongold
53	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
54	eating; taking in food is used to get nutrients;energy by animals; living things	nongold
55	dead organisms are a kind of waste	nongold
56	producers pass materials they use through the food chain	gold
