0	a delta is formed by sediment depositing at the mouth of a river by water fanning out	gold
1	groundwater is a kind of water	nongold
2	rainfall means precipitation	nongold
3	runoff is a kind of water	nongold
4	land is a kind of landform	nongold
5	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
6	a leaf is a kind of plant organ	nongold
7	a delta is formed by sediment depositing at the mouth of a river by water fanning out	gold
8	flowing is a kind of action	nongold
9	made up of means contains; made of	nongold
10	rain is a source of water	nongold
11	igneous intrusion is a kind of geologic process	nongold
12	a river is a kind of flowing body of water	nongold
13	a delta	answer
14	increase means more	nongold
15	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
16	water is a kind of substance	nongold
17	a delta is formed by sediment depositing at the mouth of a river by water fanning out	gold
18	precipitation is when water falls from the sky	nongold
19	an object is made of its parts	nongold
20	weathering is a kind of erosion	nongold
21	a river is a kind of channel for water	nongold
22	soil erosion is a kind of slow; natural process	nongold
23	a component means a part of	nongold
24	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
25	a leaf is a kind of plant	nongold
26	a process is a kind of event	nongold
27	a delta is a kind of geologic structure; landform	gold
28	During a rainstorm, leaves wash down a gully on a hillside. The water slows down at the foot of the hill and fans out, depositing the leaves. What geologic structure is formed in a similar way?	question
29	roots are a part of a plant; tree	nongold
30	formation of a state of matter is a kind of process	nongold
31	During a rainstorm, leaves wash down a gully on a hillside. The water slows down at the foot of the hill and fans out, depositing the leaves. What geologic structure is formed in a similar way?	question
32	a hill is a kind of incline	nongold
33	downward means down	nongold
34	a delta	answer
35	a canyon forming occurs over a period of millions of years	nongold
36	a delta	answer
37	a delta is a kind of geologic structure; landform	gold
38	washing out means being moved from  by water	nongold
39	a delta	answer
40	reducing is similar to slowing	nongold
41	During a rainstorm, leaves wash down a gully on a hillside. The water slows down at the foot of the hill and fans out, depositing the leaves. What geologic structure is formed in a similar way?	question
42	high is similar to increase	nongold
43	a motion is a kind of event; action	nongold
44	the formation of something is a kind of process	nongold
45	During a rainstorm, leaves wash down a gully on a hillside. The water slows down at the foot of the hill and fans out, depositing the leaves. What geologic structure is formed in a similar way?	question
46	deposition means to move an object from one location to a  different location	nongold
47	a delta is a kind of geologic structure; landform	gold
48	gradual means slow; over time	nongold
49	rain is a kind of water	nongold
50	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
51	accumulation means increase	nongold
52	breaking down is a kind of forming	nongold
