0	an event is a kind of action	nongold
1	The total amount of energy is constant.	answer
2	mechanical energy of a system includes the sum of kinetic energy and potential energy  in the system	nongold
3	to lower means to decrease	nongold
4	to generate means to form	nongold
5	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
6	if something generates energy for something else then that something powers that something else	nongold
7	The total amount of energy is constant.	answer
8	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
9	producing is similar to causing	nongold
10	when one kind of energy changes into another kind of energy , the total amount of energy is constant	gold
11	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
12	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	gold
13	chemical energy is a kind of energy	gold
14	high is similar to increase	nongold
15	mechanical energy is used to move something by animals	nongold
16	rising is a kind of motion	nongold
17	An example of mechanical energy is an object in motion	gold
18	when an animal moves , chemical energy is converted to mechanical energy	nongold
19	when one kind of energy changes into another kind of energy , the total amount of energy is constant	gold
20	a process is a kind of event	nongold
21	kinetic energy is a kind of mechanical energy	nongold
22	to convert means to change	nongold
23	An example of mechanical energy is an object in motion	gold
24	The total amount of energy is constant.	answer
25	The human body produces motion by changing chemical energy into mechanical energy. Which of these best describes what happens to the energy?	question
26	food is a kind of chemical energy	nongold
27	as the amount of a source of something decreases , the amount of that something will decrease	nongold
28	an animal requires energy to move	nongold
29	heat means heat energy	nongold
30	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
31	producing is similar to discharging	nongold
32	constant means not changing	nongold
33	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	gold
34	an organism is a living thing	nongold
35	producing is a kind of process	nongold
36	An example of mechanical energy is an object in motion	gold
37	chemical energy is a kind of energy	gold
38	most means over 50% of something	nongold
39	stay the same means not changing	nongold
40	increase means more	nongold
41	if something causes an increase in something else then that something produces that something else	nongold
42	an automobile engine converts chemical energy into mechanical energy and heat energy	nongold
43	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
44	The human body produces motion by changing chemical energy into mechanical energy. Which of these best describes what happens to the energy?	question
45	chemical energy is a kind of energy	gold
46	less is similar to decrease	nongold
47	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
48	human is a kind of organism	nongold
49	quantity means amount	nongold
50	The human body produces motion by changing chemical energy into mechanical energy. Which of these best describes what happens to the energy?	question
51	heat is a kind of energy	nongold
52	The human body produces motion by changing chemical energy into mechanical energy. Which of these best describes what happens to the energy?	question
53	when one kind of energy changes into another kind of energy , the total amount of energy is constant	gold
54	The total amount of energy is constant.	answer
55	if an object; a substance makes something then that object; that substance is a source of that thing	nongold
56	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
57	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	gold
