0	Claudia's teacher places a photograph of an organism on the board. He asks Claudia to determine if the organism is a plant or an animal. The answer to which question will best help Claudia determine if the organism is a plant or an animal?	question
1	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
2	make means produce	gold
3	a consumer can not produce its own food	gold
4	producers pass materials they use through the food chain	nongold
5	a plant is a kind of organism	gold
6	an animal is a kind of consumer	gold
7	emit means produce	nongold
8	plants are a part of the environment	nongold
9	a vegetable is a kind of food	nongold
10	person is synonymous with human	nongold
11	providing something means making;delivering something	nongold
12	a consumer is a kind of organism	nongold
13	Claudia's teacher places a photograph of an organism on the board. He asks Claudia to determine if the organism is a plant or an animal. The answer to which question will best help Claudia determine if the organism is a plant or an animal?	question
14	In the food chain process an animal has the role of  consumer which eats producers;other animals for food	gold
15	green plants are a kind of producer	gold
16	a consumer can not produce its own food	gold
17	a producer produces its own food	gold
18	a producer produces its own food	gold
19	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
20	a bacterium is a kind of organism	nongold
21	organisms mean life	nongold
22	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
23	diet means what an animal eats	nongold
24	eating;digestion is when an organism takes in nutrients from food into itself by eating	nongold
25	a consumer can not produce its own food	gold
26	products are formed; are produced; are created	nongold
27	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	nongold
28	make means produce	gold
29	living things eat their food source	nongold
30	a producer produces its own food	gold
31	making something requires resources	nongold
32	to produce means to provide	nongold
33	Does the organism make its own food?	answer
34	a plant is a kind of organism	gold
35	an animal is a kind of consumer	gold
36	an ecosystem contains nonliving things	nongold
37	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
38	if an organism produces a substance then that organism has a gene that controls the production of that substance	nongold
39	make means produce	gold
40	Claudia's teacher places a photograph of an organism on the board. He asks Claudia to determine if the organism is a plant or an animal. The answer to which question will best help Claudia determine if the organism is a plant or an animal?	question
41	an animal is a kind of consumer	gold
42	Does the organism make its own food?	answer
43	green plants are a kind of producer	gold
44	a plant is a kind of organism	gold
45	a student is a kind of human	nongold
46	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
47	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	nongold
48	Claudia's teacher places a photograph of an organism on the board. He asks Claudia to determine if the organism is a plant or an animal. The answer to which question will best help Claudia determine if the organism is a plant or an animal?	question
49	Does the organism make its own food?	answer
50	a product is a kind of object	nongold
51	prey is a kind of food for predators	nongold
52	a food web is made of organisms that consume other organisms; that produce their own food	nongold
53	Does the organism make its own food?	answer
54	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
55	In the food chain process an animal has the role of  consumer which eats producers;other animals for food	gold
56	a bird is a kind of living thing	nongold
57	feeling is when an living thing senses through touch	nongold
58	In the food chain process an animal has the role of  consumer which eats producers;other animals for food	gold
59	both means two	nongold
60	food is a kind of substance	nongold
61	green plants are a kind of producer	gold
62	a predator eats other animals for food	nongold
63	food is a source of energy for animals; plants	nongold
64	In the food chain process a  green plant has the role of  producer	nongold
