0	new means different from the former one	gold
1	definite shape means the shape of an object stays the same when moved to different spot	gold
2	Matter in the solid phase has definite shape	gold
3	A student has a pink eraser on her desk. Which property shows that the eraser is a solid?	question
4	what something needs is a property of that something	nongold
5	Its shape is definite when it is placed in a new spot.	answer
6	color is a kind of physical; visual property	nongold
7	place means area	nongold
8	appearance is a property of objects; materials	nongold
9	A student has a pink eraser on her desk. Which property shows that the eraser is a solid?	question
10	new means different from the former one	gold
11	objects in an environment are a part of that environment	nongold
12	an object has properties	nongold
13	definite shape means the shape of an object stays the same when moved to different spot	gold
14	variability of shape; variability of volume is a property of matter and includes values of variable; definite	gold
15	Matter in the gas phase has variable shape	nongold
16	A student has a pink eraser on her desk. Which property shows that the eraser is a solid?	question
17	Its shape is definite when it is placed in a new spot.	answer
18	can be means able to be	nongold
19	stay the same means not changing	nongold
20	definite shape means the shape of an object stays the same when moved to different spot	gold
21	pink is a combination of red and white	nongold
22	shape is a kind of characteristic	nongold
23	to add means to increase	nongold
24	spot means location	nongold
25	variability of shape; variability of volume is a property of matter and includes values of variable; definite	gold
26	old is the opposite of new	nongold
27	a container contains objects; material; substances	nongold
28	new means different from the former one	gold
29	position means a place in a structure	nongold
30	an eraser is a kind of solid	gold
31	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	gold
32	Its shape is definite when it is placed in a new spot.	answer
33	a physical property is a kind of property	nongold
34	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	gold
35	Matter in the solid phase has definite shape	gold
36	high is similar to increase	nongold
37	an eraser is a kind of solid	gold
38	color is an intensive property	nongold
39	area is similar to location	nongold
40	an eraser is a kind of solid	gold
41	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	gold
42	a classroom is a kind of  area	nongold
43	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
44	color is a property of  an object; a material	nongold
45	a solid is a kind of substance	nongold
46	shape is a property of the appearance of an object	nongold
47	a desk is a kind of table	nongold
48	an eraser is a kind of object	gold
49	Its shape is definite when it is placed in a new spot.	answer
50	A student has a pink eraser on her desk. Which property shows that the eraser is a solid?	question
51	Matter in the solid phase has definite shape	gold
52	a classroom is a kind of a room	nongold
53	located means situated	nongold
54	mass; weight is a property of matter; objects; materials	nongold
55	an eraser is a kind of object	gold
56	a state is a kind of place	nongold
57	an eraser is a kind of object	gold
58	a property of something is a feature of that something	nongold
59	a chemical property is the opposite of a physical property	nongold
60	shape is a property of an object	nongold
61	variability of shape; variability of volume is a kind of physical property	nongold
62	place; location is synonymous with position	nongold
63	mass; weight is an extensive property	nongold
64	indefinite means variable	nongold
65	variability of shape; variability of volume is a property of matter and includes values of variable; definite	gold
