0	best means most positive	nongold
1	to eat means to consume food	nongold
2	a consumer can not produce its own food	gold
3	green plants are a kind of producer	gold
4	an insect is a kind of animal	nongold
5	make means produce	gold
6	a consumer can not produce its own food	gold
7	make means produce	gold
8	a  plant requires sunlight for photosynthesis	nongold
9	life means living things	nongold
10	pollination requires pollinators; pollinating animals	nongold
11	usually plants store the food they produce for future use	nongold
12	Claudia's teacher places a photograph of an organism on the board. He asks Claudia to determine if the organism is a plant or an animal. The answer to which question will best help Claudia determine if the organism is a plant or an animal?	question
13	a producer produces its own food	gold
14	eating;digestion is when an organism takes in nutrients from food into itself by eating	nongold
15	a mammal is a kind of animal	nongold
16	Claudia's teacher places a photograph of an organism on the board. He asks Claudia to determine if the organism is a plant or an animal. The answer to which question will best help Claudia determine if the organism is a plant or an animal?	question
17	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	nongold
18	Does the organism make its own food?	answer
19	producing is a kind of process	nongold
20	Does the organism make its own food?	answer
21	food is a kind of object	nongold
22	a producer produces its own food	gold
23	a plant is a kind of organism	gold
24	Does the organism make its own food?	answer
25	an animal is a kind of consumer	gold
26	an animal is a kind of consumer	gold
27	human is a kind of organism	nongold
28	to produce means to provide	nongold
29	to enable is to help	nongold
30	a plant is a kind of organism	gold
31	creating means making	nongold
32	an organism is a living thing	nongold
33	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
34	Claudia's teacher places a photograph of an organism on the board. He asks Claudia to determine if the organism is a plant or an animal. The answer to which question will best help Claudia determine if the organism is a plant or an animal?	question
35	a plant is a kind of organism	gold
36	In the food chain process an animal has the role of  consumer which eats producers;other animals for food	gold
37	a human is a kind of mammal	nongold
38	baking is when a human makes food by adding heat	nongold
39	to cause means to make	nongold
40	Claudia's teacher places a photograph of an organism on the board. He asks Claudia to determine if the organism is a plant or an animal. The answer to which question will best help Claudia determine if the organism is a plant or an animal?	question
41	make means produce	gold
42	consumers eat other organisms	nongold
43	image means visual depiction of an object	nongold
44	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
45	humans eat crops	nongold
46	a predator eats other animals for food	nongold
47	if a plant dies then that plant will not produce food	nongold
48	green plants are a kind of producer	gold
49	a consumer can not produce its own food	gold
50	answering questions requires information	nongold
51	an animal is a kind of consumer	gold
52	green plants are a kind of producer	gold
53	a producer produces its own food	gold
54	In the food chain process an animal has the role of  consumer which eats producers;other animals for food	gold
55	organisms are a part of an environment	nongold
56	Does the organism make its own food?	answer
57	living things can all reproduce	nongold
58	In the food chain process an animal has the role of  consumer which eats producers;other animals for food	gold
59	eating; taking in food is used to get nutrients;energy by animals; living things	nongold
60	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
61	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
62	photosynthesis is a source of; makes food; energy for the plant by converting carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight into carbohydrates	nongold
63	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
64	to provide something means to be the source of that something	nongold
