0	microscope is used to see small things; microscopic things; specimens by biologists by making them appear bigger	gold
1	researcher is a kind of scientist	nongold
2	to enable is to help	nongold
3	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
4	high is similar to increase	nongold
5	a microscope is a kind of tool for observing small things	gold
6	smaller means less; lower in size	nongold
7	as the size of an object appears larger , that object will be seen;be observed more easily; better	gold
8	to help; to benefit means to be of use	nongold
9	to enhance means to increase	nongold
10	an instrument is a piece of equipment	nongold
11	something harmful can cause harm	nongold
12	low is similar to decrease	nongold
13	to make means to build	nongold
14	They make small objects easier to see.	answer
15	to change means to have an effect	nongold
16	scientists make observations	gold
17	a surface is a part of a material	nongold
18	size is a property of objects and includes ordered values of microscopic; tiny; small; medium; large	nongold
19	better means good	nongold
20	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
21	as the size of an object appears larger , that object will be seen;be observed more easily; better	gold
22	a microscope is a kind of tool for observing small things	gold
23	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
24	microscope is used to see small things; microscopic things; specimens by biologists by making them appear bigger	gold
25	seeing small things is difficult	nongold
26	if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material	nongold
27	They make small objects easier to see.	answer
28	good means positive	nongold
29	to make something easier means to help	nongold
30	to see means to look	nongold
31	being used for is similar to providing	nongold
32	The first microscopes were built in the 1600s. Microscopes have improved since then, but still perform the same job. How do microscopes most help scientists?	question
33	a magnifying glass is a kind of tool for observing small things	nongold
34	make means produce	nongold
35	a microscope is a kind of tool for observing small things	gold
36	instrument means tool	nongold
37	scientists make observations	gold
38	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
39	seeing is used for sensing visual things	nongold
40	eyes are used for seeing by animals by sensing light	nongold
41	microscope is used to see small things; microscopic things; specimens by biologists by making them appear bigger	gold
42	hard is the opposite of easy	nongold
43	scientists make observations	gold
44	magnifying makes seeing small things easier through using a magnifying glass; using a microscope	nongold
45	a positive impact is a helpful effect	nongold
46	The first microscopes were built in the 1600s. Microscopes have improved since then, but still perform the same job. How do microscopes most help scientists?	question
47	as the size of an object appears larger , that object will be seen;be observed more easily; better	gold
48	to be used  for something means to help to do that something	gold
49	to lower means to decrease	nongold
50	to add means to increase	nongold
51	to be used  for something means to help to do that something	gold
52	to work means to function	nongold
53	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
54	The first microscopes were built in the 1600s. Microscopes have improved since then, but still perform the same job. How do microscopes most help scientists?	question
55	to be used  for something means to help to do that something	gold
56	The first microscopes were built in the 1600s. Microscopes have improved since then, but still perform the same job. How do microscopes most help scientists?	question
57	They make small objects easier to see.	answer
58	to be helpful means to help to do	nongold
59	best means most positive	nongold
60	They make small objects easier to see.	answer
