0	a black hole is formed by a high-mass star collapsing	nongold
1	mass	answer
2	mass	answer
3	All stars start forming in the same manner. Some follow the life cycle of the Sun, while others turn into neutron stars or black holes. Which property determines the fate of a star as it develops?	question
4	state of matter is a property of matter and includes ordered values of solid; liquid; gas	nongold
5	to be characterized by  a property means to have that property	nongold
6	All stars start forming in the same manner. Some follow the life cycle of the Sun, while others turn into neutron stars or black holes. Which property determines the fate of a star as it develops?	question
7	All stars start forming in the same manner. Some follow the life cycle of the Sun, while others turn into neutron stars or black holes. Which property determines the fate of a star as it develops?	question
8	stay the same means not changing	nongold
9	if an event is required for a process then that event must occur before that process can occur	nongold
10	a star's type is determined by the star's mass	gold
11	to be affected by something is similar to depending on something	nongold
12	something that happens is a kind of event	nongold
13	same means identical; equal in value; amount; number; quantity	nongold
14	turns is similar to changes	nongold
15	the  property of something is the same for the things of same kind	nongold
16	a cycle is a kind of process	nongold
17	mass	answer
18	according to is similar to be determined by	nongold
19	red giant is a kind of stage in the life cycle of a star	nongold
20	as state of matter changes , mass will not change	nongold
21	a star's type is determined by the star's mass	gold
22	developing means growing	nongold
23	an event is a kind of action	nongold
24	stars spend most of their life cycle in the main sequence stage	nongold
25	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
26	a star's type is determined by the star's mass	gold
27	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
28	turning is a kind of motion	nongold
29	to produce means to result in	nongold
30	becoming is similar to forming	nongold
31	All stars start forming in the same manner. Some follow the life cycle of the Sun, while others turn into neutron stars or black holes. Which property determines the fate of a star as it develops?	question
32	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
33	mass	answer
34	forming is similar to growing	nongold
35	the universe started as a single mass according to the Big Bang Theory	nongold
36	forming is a kind of action	nongold
37	a process is a kind of event	nongold
38	a property is similar to a factor	nongold
39	the last stage of a life cycle occurs at the end of a life cycle	nongold
40	massive means great in mass	nongold
41	forming is similar to converting	nongold
42	determine is similar to cause	nongold
43	increase means more	nongold
44	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
45	an object has properties	nongold
46	state means form	nongold
47	develop is similar to form	nongold
48	determining often requires measuring; observing	nongold
49	a motion is a kind of event; action	nongold
