0	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
1	moving changes potential energy; stored energy into kinetic energy and heat energy	nongold
2	an organism is a living thing	nongold
3	a box is a kind of object	gold
4	gravitational potential energy is a measure of the product of weight and height	gold
5	a measurement is a kind of data	gold
6	getting information sometimes requires observing; observation	nongold
7	gravitational potential energy is a kind of potential energy	gold
8	a box is a kind of object	gold
9	as the amount; size of something increases , the extensive properties of that something will increase	nongold
10	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
11	potential energy means stored energy	nongold
12	gravitational potential energy is a kind of potential energy	gold
13	data means information	gold
14	calculating is similar to estimating	gold
15	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
16	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
17	gravitational potential energy is a measure of the product of weight and height	gold
18	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
19	location is a kind of information	nongold
20	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
21	information is used to describe something	nongold
22	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
23	calculating is similar to estimating	gold
24	height is a kind of position	gold
25	mass is a kind of information	nongold
26	potential energy is a measure of the energy of an object due to position relative to other objects	gold
27	gravitational potential energy is a kind of potential energy	gold
28	a room is a kind of object	nongold
29	heat is a kind of energy	nongold
30	changes potential energy into kinetic energy through motion	nongold
31	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
32	data means information	gold
33	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
34	potential energy is a measure of the energy of an object due to position relative to other objects	gold
35	data means information	gold
36	a box is a kind of object	gold
37	height is a kind of position	gold
38	calculation means measurement	nongold
39	high is similar to increase	nongold
40	learning; studying information causes one to know that information	nongold
41	growing is when an animal's height;mass;size increase	nongold
42	as amount; size of something increases , the intensive properties of that something will not change	nongold
43	measuring sometimes requires  recording; learning an amount	nongold
44	height is a measure of length from the top of an object to the bottom of an object	gold
45	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
46	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
47	a measurement is a kind of data	gold
48	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
49	height is a property of the size of an object	nongold
50	low is similar to decrease	nongold
51	potential energy is a kind of energy	nongold
52	the bottom is the lowest part of something	nongold
53	tall means great in height	nongold
54	shelf is a kind of  object	gold
55	height is a kind of position	gold
56	height is a measure of length from the top of an object to the bottom of an object	gold
57	low means low in elevation; height; altitude	nongold
58	potential energy is a measure of the energy of an object due to position relative to other objects	gold
59	the floor is a kind of object	nongold
60	calculating is similar to estimating	gold
61	instruction is a kind of information	nongold
62	affected means changed	nongold
63	a measurement is a kind of data	gold
64	to measure means to calculate	nongold
65	shelf is a kind of  object	gold
66	height is a measure of length from the top of an object to the bottom of an object	gold
67	organizing is sorting something by their properties in order	nongold
68	gravitational potential energy is a measure of the product of weight and height	gold
69	shelf is a kind of  object	gold
70	the mass of the box and the height of the shelf	answer
71	person is synonymous with human	nongold
72	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
73	A student is organizing a room. She moves a box from the floor to a shelf. She wants to estimate the amount of potential energy the box has on the shelf. What information does the student need?	question
