0	comparing requires measuring	nongold
1	Kendall studied the ways in which human body systems work together. He compared the respiratory and circulatory systems. In which way are these two systems similar to each other?	question
2	if two things are made from the same objects; material then those two things are similar	nongold
3	to exhale means to release	nongold
4	returning is similar to bringing	nongold
5	the lungs are a part of the respiratory system	gold
6	breathing is a kind of  function	nongold
7	the circulatory system brings oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body	gold
8	Kendall studied the ways in which human body systems work together. He compared the respiratory and circulatory systems. In which way are these two systems similar to each other?	question
9	in common is similar to the same	nongold
10	They both bring oxygen to the body.	answer
11	They both bring oxygen to the body.	answer
12	a body system is a kind of object	nongold
13	can be means able to be	nongold
14	the diaphragm is a part of the respiratory system	nongold
15	to convert means to change	nongold
16	bringing oxygen to the body is a kind of function	gold
17	the circulatory system brings oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body	gold
18	identical is the opposite of different	nongold
19	the absorption of oxygen through the blood occurs in the lungs	nongold
20	converting is similar to producing	nongold
21	breathing  is when a lung converts from oxygen in air into oxygen in blood	nongold
22	Kendall studied the ways in which human body systems work together. He compared the respiratory and circulatory systems. In which way are these two systems similar to each other?	question
23	the respiratory system takes in oxygen from the air	gold
24	They both bring oxygen to the body.	answer
25	breathing is a kind of process	nongold
26	a component of something means a part of that something	nongold
27	bringing oxygen to the body is a kind of function	gold
28	the circulatory system brings oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body	gold
29	to emit means to release	nongold
30	to change means to become different	nongold
31	the lungs are a part of the body of an animal used for breathing air	nongold
32	the integumentary system is a kind of body; organ system	nongold
33	to cause is similar to bring	nongold
34	organ system means body system	nongold
35	an organ system is made of different parts of the body working together	nongold
36	Kendall studied the ways in which human body systems work together. He compared the respiratory and circulatory systems. In which way are these two systems similar to each other?	question
37	oxygenated means having oxygen	nongold
38	the lungs are a part of the respiratory system	gold
39	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	gold
40	affected means changed	nongold
41	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	gold
42	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
43	both means two	nongold
44	the circulatory system absorbs; carries food; substances from the digestive system to the rest of the body	nongold
45	the respiratory system takes in oxygen from the air	gold
46	the respiratory system takes in oxygen from the air	gold
47	They both bring oxygen to the body.	answer
48	producing is similar to releasing	nongold
49	the circulatory system is a kind of human; organ; body system	nongold
50	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
51	breathing is when animals convert oxygen into carbon dioxide	nongold
52	converting is similar to releasing	nongold
53	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
54	oxygen is a kind of gas at room temperature	nongold
55	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
56	if two things perform the same function then those two things are similar	gold
57	convert is similar to transfer	nongold
58	bringing oxygen to the body is a kind of function	gold
59	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	nongold
60	the lungs are a part of the respiratory system	gold
