0	address a problem means reduce a problem	nongold
1	Some types of medicines can be used to cure people when they are sick. Some medicines, however, may cause bad reactions to the people taking them. This difference is an example of	question
2	to cause an event is similar to being involved in that event	nongold
3	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
4	cure means solution to being sick	gold
5	Some types of medicines can be used to cure people when they are sick. Some medicines, however, may cause bad reactions to the people taking them. This difference is an example of	question
6	low is similar to decrease	nongold
7	Some types of medicines can be used to cure people when they are sick. Some medicines, however, may cause bad reactions to the people taking them. This difference is an example of	question
8	something harmful can cause harm	nongold
9	to add means to increase	nongold
10	to lead to means to cause	nongold
11	to impact means to affect	nongold
12	an organism is a living thing	nongold
13	medicine can cause people to have bad reactions	gold
14	a bad reaction to medicine is a kind of problem	gold
15	being sick is a kind of problem; harm	gold
16	to cause something means to contribute to that something happening	nongold
17	adverse effect means negative impact	nongold
18	causing problems is a kind of negative impact	nongold
19	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
20	good means positive	nongold
21	high is similar to increase	nongold
22	cure means solution to being sick	gold
23	bacteria can cause people to become ill	nongold
24	medicine is used for curing people when they are sick	gold
25	variable means able to change	nongold
26	medicine is used for curing people when they are sick	gold
27	disease has a negative impact on an organism	nongold
28	cure means solution to being sick	gold
29	to give is similar to to cause	nongold
30	taking in something means receiving; absorbing; getting something	nongold
31	receiving a treat is a kind of positive effect	nongold
32	a bad reaction to medicine is a kind of problem	gold
33	the solution to one problem causing another problem.	answer
34	to make something easier means to help	nongold
35	illness has a negative impact on an organism's health	nongold
36	medicine can cause people to have bad reactions	gold
37	decreasing something positive has a negative impact on a thing	nongold
38	being sick is a kind of problem; harm	gold
39	the solution to one problem causing another problem.	answer
40	better means good	nongold
41	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
42	dysentery is a kind of illness	nongold
43	solution is similar to a positive impact	nongold
44	Some types of medicines can be used to cure people when they are sick. Some medicines, however, may cause bad reactions to the people taking them. This difference is an example of	question
45	life means living things	nongold
46	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
47	taking is the opposite of giving; leaving	nongold
48	the solution to one problem causing another problem.	answer
49	medicine can cause people to have bad reactions	gold
50	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
51	a change is a kind of difference	nongold
52	to be a source of something means to cause that something	nongold
53	a kind of something is an example of that something	nongold
54	the solution to one problem causing another problem.	answer
55	medicine is used for curing people when they are sick	gold
56	form means kind	nongold
57	human is a kind of organism	nongold
58	a bad reaction to medicine is a kind of problem	gold
59	being sick is a kind of problem; harm	gold
