0	length is a measure of distance from one end of an object to the other end of that object	nongold
1	In December, one side of Earth will receive less energy from the Sun than the other side. Which statement best explains this fact?	question
2	the Earth being tilted on its axis causes one side of the Earth; one hemisphere to receive less energy from the Sun than the other side	gold
3	the Earth revolves around the sun	nongold
4	In December, one side of Earth will receive less energy from the Sun than the other side. Which statement best explains this fact?	question
5	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	nongold
6	to receive sunlight means to absorb sunlight	nongold
7	rotate means turn	nongold
8	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
9	the Earth absorbs more energy than it loses	nongold
10	north is the opposite of south	nongold
11	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
12	a motion is a kind of event; action	nongold
13	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
14	Earth is tilted on its axis.	answer
15	increase means more	nongold
16	to add means to increase	nongold
17	heat is a kind of energy	nongold
18	In December, one side of Earth will receive less energy from the Sun than the other side. Which statement best explains this fact?	question
19	rotation is a kind of motion	nongold
20	the Earth being tilted on its axis causes one side of the Earth; one hemisphere to receive less energy from the Sun than the other side	gold
21	sunlight produces heat	nongold
22	Earth is the planet that is third closest to the  Sun	nongold
23	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
24	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
25	solar energy is a kind of light	nongold
26	high is similar to increase	nongold
27	low means down	nongold
28	the sun is the strongest source of gravity in the solar system	nongold
29	Earth's rotation causes time zones	nongold
30	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
31	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
32	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
33	Earth is tilted on its axis.	answer
34	distance is a property of space and includes ordered values of close; far	nongold
35	to turn means to change	nongold
36	Earth is tilted on its axis.	answer
37	when one kind of energy changes into another kind of energy , the total amount of energy is constant	nongold
38	In December, one side of Earth will receive less energy from the Sun than the other side. Which statement best explains this fact?	question
39	the sun rises in the east	nongold
40	Earth is tilted on its axis.	answer
41	if an object; a substance makes something then that object; that substance is a source of that thing	nongold
42	the Earth being tilted on its axis causes one side of the Earth; one hemisphere to receive less energy from the Sun than the other side	gold
43	December is during the summer in the southern hemisphere	nongold
44	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	nongold
45	to lower means to decrease	nongold
46	as distance from a source of something increases , that something will decrease	nongold
47	the tilt of Earth's axis causes certain latitudes of Earth to be heated at a greater rate	nongold
48	receiving sunlight  is synonymous with absorbing sunlight	nongold
49	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
