0	distance is a property of space and includes ordered values of close; far	nongold
1	orbit is a kind of characteristic	gold
2	high is similar to increase	nongold
3	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
4	small is the opposite of large	nongold
5	It orbits a nearby planet.	answer
6	all planets orbit the sun in the same direction	nongold
7	moons orbit planets	gold
8	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
9	gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction	nongold
10	astronomy is the study of celestial (objects, bodies)	nongold
11	the sun is a kind of yellow dwarf	nongold
12	It orbits a nearby planet.	answer
13	moons are large; solid; spherical	gold
14	a moon is located in space	nongold
15	trait is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
16	a body part is a kind of object	nongold
17	moons are large; solid; spherical	gold
18	to belong to a class means to be a kind of something	nongold
19	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	nongold
20	characteristic means property	gold
21	to tell the difference between things means to classify those things	nongold
22	what an object is made of is a kind of characteristic	nongold
23	A large, solid spherical body in the solar system is classified as a moon. Which characteristic of the body gives it this classification?	question
24	feature is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
25	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
26	to be characterized by  a property means to have that property	nongold
27	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
28	the solar system contains eight planets	nongold
29	affected means changed	nongold
30	moons orbit planets	gold
31	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
32	characteristic means property	gold
33	shape is a kind of characteristic	nongold
34	a moon is a kind of celestial object; body	gold
35	It orbits a nearby planet.	answer
36	a moon is a kind of celestial object; body	gold
37	stars can be classified by temperature; color; chemical composition; brightness	nongold
38	moons orbit planets	gold
39	a planet is a kind of location	nongold
40	an object is made of its parts	nongold
41	characteristic means property	gold
42	Neptune is a kind of planet in the solar system	nongold
43	a planet's  moon is smaller than that planet	nongold
44	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
45	type of moon; kind of moon means moon phase	nongold
46	A large, solid spherical body in the solar system is classified as a moon. Which characteristic of the body gives it this classification?	question
47	the moon orbits the Earth	nongold
48	the solar system contains the moon	nongold
49	the moon rotates on its axis	nongold
50	moons are large; solid; spherical	gold
51	classifying means grouping objects; materials by their properties	gold
52	orbit is a kind of characteristic	gold
53	orbit is a kind of characteristic	gold
54	A large, solid spherical body in the solar system is classified as a moon. Which characteristic of the body gives it this classification?	question
55	the moon's orbit is elliptical	nongold
56	a kind of something is classified as that something	nongold
57	a body system is a kind of object	nongold
58	It orbits a nearby planet.	answer
59	classification is a kind of process	nongold
60	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	nongold
61	a moon is a kind of celestial object; body	gold
62	A large, solid spherical body in the solar system is classified as a moon. Which characteristic of the body gives it this classification?	question
