0	rust forming is a kind of chemical change	gold
1	a chemical reaction is a kind of process	nongold
2	to vary means to change	nongold
3	different types of matter have different chemical properties	nongold
4	hammering an object requires movement	nongold
5	rusty means having rust	nongold
6	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
7	a type is synonymous with a kind	gold
8	Kim lost her hammer outside. When she found it a few months later, some parts of the metal were covered with flaky, brown rust. Which type of change occurred when rust formed on the hammer?	question
9	a tool is a kind of object	nongold
10	under water means covered by water; in water	nongold
11	chemical	answer
12	a part of something means a characteristic of something	nongold
13	chemical	answer
14	a type is synonymous with a kind	gold
15	heat means heat energy	nongold
16	Kim lost her hammer outside. When she found it a few months later, some parts of the metal were covered with flaky, brown rust. Which type of change occurred when rust formed on the hammer?	question
17	material means substance	nongold
18	variable means able to change	nongold
19	to change means to cause a change	nongold
20	adding heat to an object sometimes causes chemical reactions	nongold
21	combustion is a kind of chemical change	nongold
22	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
23	if something is a part of something then that something can be found in that something	nongold
24	chemical	answer
25	forming something is a kind of change	nongold
26	state means form	nongold
27	a type of something is a kind of property of that something	nongold
28	a type is synonymous with a kind	gold
29	if an object breaks off of another object then that object is formed from the same materials as that other object	nongold
30	if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material	nongold
31	Kim lost her hammer outside. When she found it a few months later, some parts of the metal were covered with flaky, brown rust. Which type of change occurred when rust formed on the hammer?	question
32	if an object is made of something then the parts of that object are made of that something	nongold
33	Kim lost her hammer outside. When she found it a few months later, some parts of the metal were covered with flaky, brown rust. Which type of change occurred when rust formed on the hammer?	question
34	rusting means forming rust	nongold
35	rust forming is a kind of chemical change	gold
36	to turn means to change	nongold
37	to be made of something means to be formed of that something	nongold
38	change is a kind of impact	nongold
39	form means kind	nongold
40	rust forming is a kind of chemical change	gold
41	a phase change is a kind of physical change	nongold
42	to combust means to catch fire	nongold
43	metal rusts	nongold
44	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
45	chemical reactions cause new substances; different substances to form	nongold
46	if an object undergoes chemical change then that object will have new chemical properties	nongold
47	acidity is a property of chemicals; substances and includes ordered values of basic; neutral; acidic	nongold
48	chemical	answer
49	metal is a kind of material	nongold
50	chemical reactions releasing new substances means chemical reactions forming new substances	nongold
51	loss means reduction	nongold
52	iron in contact with water and oxygen will rust	nongold
