0	It is released into the ecosystem as heat.	answer
1	one can get something from a source	nongold
2	photosynthesis means producers; green plants convert from carbon dioxide and water and solar energy into carbohydrates and food and oxygen for themselves	nongold
3	converting is similar to releasing	nongold
4	usually means most of the time	nongold
5	consumers eat other organisms	nongold
6	remaining energy not used by plants or transferred to consumers is released into the ecosystem as heat	gold
7	A plant gets the energy it needs from the Sun. The plant uses about ten percent of the energy to carry on its life functions. The plant transfers approximately another ten percent of the energy to the consumers in a food chain. What happens to most of the remaining energy?	question
8	to emit means to release	nongold
9	to add means to increase	nongold
10	a producer is a kind of living thing	nongold
11	A plant gets the energy it needs from the Sun. The plant uses about ten percent of the energy to carry on its life functions. The plant transfers approximately another ten percent of the energy to the consumers in a food chain. What happens to most of the remaining energy?	question
12	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
13	consumption means use	nongold
14	In the food chain process a  green plant has the role of  producer	nongold
15	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	nongold
16	It is released into the ecosystem as heat.	answer
17	requiring something means needing that something	nongold
18	if something emits something else then that something increases the amount of that something else	nongold
19	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
20	heat means temperature increases	nongold
21	adding heat means increasing temperature	nongold
22	A plant gets the energy it needs from the Sun. The plant uses about ten percent of the energy to carry on its life functions. The plant transfers approximately another ten percent of the energy to the consumers in a food chain. What happens to most of the remaining energy?	question
23	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
24	photosynthesis is a source of; makes food; energy for the plant by converting carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight into carbohydrates	nongold
25	sunlight produces heat	nongold
26	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
27	converting is a kind of function	nongold
28	vegetation means plants	nongold
29	an organism requires energy for growth; repair	nongold
30	a consumer is a kind of organism	nongold
31	most means over 50% of something	nongold
32	if an object; a substance; a location absorbs solar energy then that object; that substance will increase in temperature	nongold
33	if something performs a task then that task is that something's function	nongold
34	It is released into the ecosystem as heat.	answer
35	respiration releases energy	nongold
36	a  plant requires sunlight for photosynthesis	nongold
37	an ecosystem contains nonliving things	nongold
38	remaining energy not used by plants or transferred to consumers is released into the ecosystem as heat	gold
39	an animal is a kind of consumer	nongold
40	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
41	producing is a kind of function	nongold
42	causing is a kind of function	nongold
43	an organism is a living thing	nongold
44	a food contains nutrients for living things	nongold
45	It is released into the ecosystem as heat.	answer
46	A plant gets the energy it needs from the Sun. The plant uses about ten percent of the energy to carry on its life functions. The plant transfers approximately another ten percent of the energy to the consumers in a food chain. What happens to most of the remaining energy?	question
47	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
48	remaining energy not used by plants or transferred to consumers is released into the ecosystem as heat	gold
49	plants are a part of the environment	nongold
