0	change is a kind of process	nongold
1	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	nongold
2	to be a source of something means to cause that something	nongold
3	a component means a part of	nongold
4	Jessica watches the Sun set in the evening sky. What causes the setting of the Sun?	question
5	the sun setting is a kind of event	nongold
6	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
7	a Rotation of the Earth on Earth's axis; itself takes 1; one day	nongold
8	Earth's angle of tilt causes the length of day and night to vary	nongold
9	the Earth revolving around the sun causes stars to appear  in different areas in the sky at different times of year	nongold
10	if it is night then the sun has set	nongold
11	a planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet	nongold
12	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
13	the night time is part of one day	nongold
14	setting is a kind of motion	gold
15	rotate means turn	nongold
16	the sun sets in the west	nongold
17	a watch;clock;stopwatch is used for measuring time	nongold
18	to turn means to change	nongold
19	setting is a kind of motion	gold
20	turns is similar to changes	nongold
21	Earth is rotating on its axis.	answer
22	Earth is a planet that is closer to the  Sun than Jupiter	nongold
23	rotate is similar to revolve	nongold
24	Jessica watches the Sun set in the evening sky. What causes the setting of the Sun?	question
25	causing means influencing	nongold
26	Jessica watches the Sun set in the evening sky. What causes the setting of the Sun?	question
27	Earth is rotating on its axis.	answer
28	a complete revolution of the Earth around the sun takes 1; one year; solar year; Earth year	nongold
29	a part of a process means a stage in a process	nongold
30	turning is a kind of motion	nongold
31	rotating is similar to moving	nongold
32	Earth is rotating on its axis.	answer
33	a rotation is a kind of movement	nongold
34	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
35	a process is a kind of event	nongold
36	Earth is rotating on its axis.	answer
37	the moon rotates on its axis	nongold
38	Jessica watches the Sun set in the evening sky. What causes the setting of the Sun?	question
39	movement is a kind of change	nongold
40	diurnal motion is when  objects in the sky appear  to move due to Earth's rotation on its axis	nongold
41	the Earth revolves around the sun	nongold
42	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
43	a motion is a kind of event; action	nongold
44	setting is a kind of motion	gold
45	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
46	a cycle happens; occurs repeatedly	nongold
47	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	gold
48	rising is a kind of motion	nongold
49	to give is similar to to cause	nongold
50	the sun is not a star in the night sky	nongold
51	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
52	afternoon is a part of day time	nongold
