0	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
1	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
2	an oak is a kind of tree	gold
3	if something requires something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
4	producer is a kind of role in the food chain process; in an ecosystem	nongold
5	an environment means an area	nongold
6	a tree is a kind of habitat	nongold
7	Noah visited a park that had many oak trees. Which best describes the role of an oak tree in its ecosystem?	question
8	a structure of something is synonymous with a part of that something	nongold
9	Oak trees are a source of food and shelter for animals.	answer
10	an oak is a kind of tree	gold
11	role means niche	nongold
12	shelter can protect animals;humans from weather	nongold
13	a supply of something is a source of that something	nongold
14	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
15	the properties of something are used for describing that something	nongold
16	Noah visited a park that had many oak trees. Which best describes the role of an oak tree in its ecosystem?	question
17	an oak is a kind of tree	gold
18	requiring something means needing that something	nongold
19	Oak trees are a source of food and shelter for animals.	answer
20	an animal requires a habitat for survival	nongold
21	organisms are a part of an environment	nongold
22	purpose means role	nongold
23	to have a function is similar to to be responsible for	nongold
24	Noah visited a park that had many oak trees. Which best describes the role of an oak tree in its ecosystem?	question
25	a tree is a kind of plant	nongold
26	a park is a kind of environment	nongold
27	good means positive	nongold
28	being used for is similar to providing	nongold
29	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	nongold
30	to provide something means to be the source of that something	nongold
31	Oak trees are a source of food and shelter for animals.	answer
32	shelter is a kind of place;building;structure for protection	nongold
33	an organism's shelter is a part of that organism's environment	nongold
34	Noah visited a park that had many oak trees. Which best describes the role of an oak tree in its ecosystem?	question
35	an animal requires enough nutrients to maintain good health; survive	nongold
36	animals; living things live and feed in their habitats; near their habitats	nongold
37	the function of something is what that something  is used to do	nongold
38	humans changing ecosystems;environments usually has a  negative impact on an ecosystem; organisms living in an ecosystem	nongold
39	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	nongold
40	plants are a part of the environment	nongold
41	a tree is a source of shelter; food for birds; animals in an ecosystem	gold
42	a tree is a source of shelter; food for birds; animals in an ecosystem	gold
43	role is similar to importance	nongold
44	vegetation means plants	nongold
45	Oak trees are a source of food and shelter for animals.	answer
46	a tree is a source of shelter; food for birds; animals in an ecosystem	gold
47	best means most positive	nongold
48	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
49	protecting nature has a positive impact on the environment	nongold
50	green plants provide food for themselves; animals; consumers by performing photosynthesis	nongold
51	an ecosystem contains a large community of; large numbers of living organisms	nongold
52	where something  comes from is a source of that something	nongold
