0	sand dunes; arches are formed by the wind transporting and depositing sand	nongold
1	form means kind	nongold
2	sea means ocean	nongold
3	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	gold
4	ocean wave is a kind of wave	gold
5	shape is a property of an object	nongold
6	to modify means to change	gold
7	vibration is a kind of motion	nongold
8	ocean wave is a kind of wave	gold
9	One key physical process in beach formation is wave action. Sand is deposited on beaches as waves break onto the shoreline and the energy from the wave scatters. Which type of energy is most used by wave action to modify the shape of the beaches?	question
10	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
11	mechanical	answer
12	An example of a physical change is breaking an object	nongold
13	waves contain mechanical energy	gold
14	ocean wave is a kind of wave	gold
15	sand is made of small particles	nongold
16	to modify means to change	gold
17	motion is when moves an object; something to a direction	nongold
18	a beach is usually part of an island	nongold
19	heat is a kind of energy	nongold
20	sand  is a kind of solid	nongold
21	One key physical process in beach formation is wave action. Sand is deposited on beaches as waves break onto the shoreline and the energy from the wave scatters. Which type of energy is most used by wave action to modify the shape of the beaches?	question
22	breaking down into pieces is a kind of change in shape	nongold
23	mechanical force is a kind of mechanical energy	nongold
24	marine is similar to water	nongold
25	a beach is a kind of habitat; environment	nongold
26	sand is made of very small rocks; minerals	nongold
27	a type is synonymous with a kind	nongold
28	action means activity	nongold
29	an ocean contains waves	nongold
30	crumple means change shape from smooth; flat into compacted;irregular by mechanical force; kinetic energy	nongold
31	the formation of rock is a kind of process	nongold
32	sand  is a kind of material	nongold
33	mechanical	answer
34	waves contain mechanical energy	gold
35	a surface is a kind of object	nongold
36	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	gold
37	One key physical process in beach formation is wave action. Sand is deposited on beaches as waves break onto the shoreline and the energy from the wave scatters. Which type of energy is most used by wave action to modify the shape of the beaches?	question
38	absorbance is when a wave absorbs at; stops at a surface	nongold
39	sediment is a kind of matter	nongold
40	to cause the formation of means to form	nongold
41	wave action changes the shape of the beach by mechanical energy	gold
42	sand has a rough surface	nongold
43	mechanical energy is a kind of energy	gold
44	breaking down is a kind of forming	nongold
45	variable means able to change	nongold
46	sand in water settles to the bottom of water	nongold
47	an ocean is a kind of body of water	nongold
48	mechanical	answer
49	a wave is formed by the vibration of the source spreading around from the source	nongold
50	energy transformation means one kind of energy changes into another kind of energy	nongold
51	shape is a kind of physical property	nongold
52	mechanical	answer
53	motion is a source of kinetic energy in an object	nongold
54	wave action changes the shape of the beach by mechanical energy	gold
55	wave action changes the shape of the beach by mechanical energy	gold
56	to modify means to change	gold
57	One key physical process in beach formation is wave action. Sand is deposited on beaches as waves break onto the shoreline and the energy from the wave scatters. Which type of energy is most used by wave action to modify the shape of the beaches?	question
58	a vibration is similar to a wave	nongold
59	waves contain mechanical energy	gold
