0	to depend on; to rely on; to need means to require	nongold
1	if something lasts longer then that something will not have to be replaced for a long time	gold
2	to last longer means to be available longer	nongold
3	shorter means decreased length	nongold
4	a tree can be replaced by planting a new tree each time one is cut down	nongold
5	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
6	to be good for means to have a positive impact on	nongold
7	replace means change from one thing into  another	nongold
8	negative impact is the opposite of positive impact	nongold
9	how long something takes is a kind of measurement of time	nongold
10	to enhance means to increase	nongold
11	The new material can save money on replacements.	answer
12	cheaper means lower in cost	nongold
13	as the use of something decreases , the use of the source of that something will decrease	nongold
14	longest means greatest in length	nongold
15	The new material can save money on replacements.	answer
16	a renewable resource can be replaced	nongold
17	replacement means something that is replaced	gold
18	saving money has a positive impact on a person; a company	gold
19	to improve means to have a positive impact	nongold
20	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
21	if something is required for a process then that something positively impacts that process	nongold
22	A company that makes fences started using a new material instead of wood. The new material will last longer than wood. What is the most likely benefit of the new material?	question
23	saving money has a positive impact on a person; a company	gold
24	The new material can save money on replacements.	answer
25	materials are used for making products by manufacturers	nongold
26	making products for cheaper has a positive impact on manufacturing	nongold
27	long means great in length	nongold
28	saving money has a positive impact on a person; a company	gold
29	replacement means something that is replaced	gold
30	solution is similar to a positive impact	nongold
31	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
32	wood is a kind of object	nongold
33	greatest means largest; highest; most amount of something	nongold
34	a positive impact is  a benefit	gold
35	if something lasts longer then that something will not have to be replaced for a long time	gold
36	The new material can save money on replacements.	answer
37	to shorten means to make shorter	nongold
38	often is similar to likely	nongold
39	a positive impact is  a benefit	gold
40	if something lasts longer then that something will not have to be replaced for a long time	gold
41	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	nongold
42	material means substance	nongold
43	using less resources usually causes money to be saved	nongold
44	old is the opposite of new	nongold
45	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
46	wood is a kind of resource	nongold
47	replacement means something that is replaced	gold
48	if something does not have to be replaced for a long time then that something will save money	gold
49	A company that makes fences started using a new material instead of wood. The new material will last longer than wood. What is the most likely benefit of the new material?	question
50	using resources decreases those resources	nongold
51	replanting  a plant means replacing that plant	nongold
52	if something has a positive impact on something else then increasing the amount of that something has a positive impact on that something else	nongold
53	if something does not have to be replaced for a long time then that something will save money	gold
54	A company that makes fences started using a new material instead of wood. The new material will last longer than wood. What is the most likely benefit of the new material?	question
55	a positive impact is  a benefit	gold
56	metal is a kind of natural resource	nongold
57	A company that makes fences started using a new material instead of wood. The new material will last longer than wood. What is the most likely benefit of the new material?	question
58	if something does not have to be replaced for a long time then that something will save money	gold
59	building housing developments; dams; roads usually requires replacing; destroying animal habitats	nongold
