0	studying is similar to observing	nongold
1	silt is a kind of substance	gold
2	sand in water settles to the bottom of water	nongold
3	observe means see	nongold
4	the bottom is the lowest part of something	gold
5	less means a reduced amount	nongold
6	less dense.	answer
7	decreasing something negative has a positive impact on a thing	nongold
8	A student adds water and detergent to a cup of soil. The mixture is shaken and allowed to settle. The student observes that silt particles stay suspended long after the other particles form layers at the bottom of the jar. The most likely explanation is that the silt particles are	question
9	less dense.	answer
10	substances are made of matter	nongold
11	lowest means least in value; amount; number	nongold
12	a particle is a kind of object	nongold
13	less dense.	answer
14	a container contains objects; material; substances	nongold
15	a student is a kind of human	nongold
16	soil is made of solid particles	nongold
17	fewer means lower; less in number	nongold
18	density is a kind of physical property	nongold
19	as the cause of something decreases , that something will decrease	nongold
20	water is a kind of object	nongold
21	the bottom is the lowest part of something	gold
22	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	gold
23	silt is a kind of substance	gold
24	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	gold
25	denser liquids; particles in liquids; materials settle below liquids or particles in liquids; materials that are less dense	gold
26	denser liquids; particles in liquids; materials settle below liquids or particles in liquids; materials that are less dense	gold
27	high is similar to increase	nongold
28	less dense liquids; particles in liquids; materials float liquids; particiles in liquids; materials that are more dense	nongold
29	less dense.	answer
30	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	gold
31	A student adds water and detergent to a cup of soil. The mixture is shaken and allowed to settle. The student observes that silt particles stay suspended long after the other particles form layers at the bottom of the jar. The most likely explanation is that the silt particles are	question
32	An example of a suspension is oil mixed with water	nongold
33	a solution is made of one substance dissolved in another substance	nongold
34	a molecule is a kind of particle	nongold
35	soil contains water; humus; weathered rocks; organic matter	nongold
36	denser liquids; particles in liquids; materials settle below liquids or particles in liquids; materials that are less dense	gold
37	sand  is a kind of material	nongold
38	low is similar to decrease	nongold
39	particles in a solid are slower than particles in a liquid	nongold
40	to add means to increase	nongold
41	matter; materials; substances are made of atoms; particles	gold
42	A student adds water and detergent to a cup of soil. The mixture is shaken and allowed to settle. The student observes that silt particles stay suspended long after the other particles form layers at the bottom of the jar. The most likely explanation is that the silt particles are	question
43	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
44	adding heat means increasing temperature	nongold
45	silt is a kind of substance	gold
46	less is the opposite of more	nongold
47	settling in a liquid is the opposite of staying suspended in a liquid	gold
48	as the volume of an object decreases , the density of that object will increase	nongold
49	A student adds water and detergent to a cup of soil. The mixture is shaken and allowed to settle. The student observes that silt particles stay suspended long after the other particles form layers at the bottom of the jar. The most likely explanation is that the silt particles are	question
50	settling in a liquid is the opposite of staying suspended in a liquid	gold
51	smaller means less; lower in size	nongold
52	strong means high in strength	nongold
53	a solution is formed by one substance being dissolved in another substance	nongold
54	little is similar to decrease	nongold
55	the bottom is the lowest part of something	gold
56	less is similar to decrease	nongold
57	settling in a liquid is the opposite of staying suspended in a liquid	gold
58	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
59	material means substance	nongold
60	greater means higher; more in value	nongold
61	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	gold
62	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	gold
