0	if two substances are poured in the same container , then the two substances are combined	nongold
1	sugar is made of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen	nongold
2	stirring is a kind of first-	gold
3	contents means the substance in a container	nongold
4	A student poured some sugar into a glass of water. After the water was stirred, no solid sugar remained in the glass. Which statement best describes what happened?	question
5	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
6	to change into means to form	nongold
7	a solution is made of one substance dissolved in another substance	nongold
8	a  solute is a part of a solution	nongold
9	something that happens is a kind of event	nongold
10	sugar is a kind of pure substance	gold
11	The sugar dissolved in water to form a solution.	answer
12	events occur at a specific place; at a specific time; with a specific frequency	nongold
13	boiling;evaporation means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a gas by increasing heat energy	nongold
14	sugar dissolves in water when they are combined	gold
15	a solution is formed by one substance being dissolved in another substance	gold
16	The sugar dissolved in water to form a solution.	answer
17	boiling is when liquids are heated above their boiling point	nongold
18	to retain means to remain	nongold
19	sugar is a kind of  simple carbohydrate	nongold
20	a liquid is a kind of substance	nongold
21	water is a kind of substance	gold
22	glass is recyclable	nongold
23	a solution is formed by one substance being dissolved in another substance	gold
24	table sugar is a kind of sugar	nongold
25	a solute can be dissolved in a solvent when they are combined	nongold
26	if something is made of something; a material then that something contains that something; that material	nongold
27	sugar dissolves in water when they are combined	gold
28	heat means heat energy	nongold
29	temperature; heat energy is a property of objects; weather and includes ordered values of cold; cool; warm; hot	nongold
30	liquid is a kind of state of matter	nongold
31	water is a kind of substance	gold
32	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
33	water is in the gas state , called water vapor; steam , for temperatures between 373; 212; 100 and 100000000000 K; F; C	nongold
34	stirring is a kind of first-	gold
35	A student poured some sugar into a glass of water. After the water was stirred, no solid sugar remained in the glass. Which statement best describes what happened?	question
36	if a spoon; an object is used to stir a liquid; mixture then that spoon; that object is touching that liquid; that mixture	nongold
37	a solid is a kind of substance	nongold
38	A student poured some sugar into a glass of water. After the water was stirred, no solid sugar remained in the glass. Which statement best describes what happened?	question
39	a glass contains water	nongold
40	water is a kind of liquid at room temperature	nongold
41	if something is used to dissolve substances , then that something is the solvent	nongold
42	if something is dissolved , then that something is the solute	nongold
43	sugar is a kind of pure substance	gold
44	water is a kind of substance	gold
45	sugar is a kind of pure substance	gold
46	to be filled with means to contain	nongold
47	A student poured some sugar into a glass of water. After the water was stirred, no solid sugar remained in the glass. Which statement best describes what happened?	question
48	The sugar dissolved in water to form a solution.	answer
49	solid is a kind of state of matter	nongold
50	a solution is formed by one substance being dissolved in another substance	gold
51	stirring is a kind of first-	gold
52	to remain means to not change	nongold
53	In the solution sugar water , the solute is sugar	nongold
54	The sugar dissolved in water to form a solution.	answer
55	sugar dissolves in water when they are combined	gold
56	moisture means liquid; liquid water	nongold
57	glass is a kind of open container	nongold
58	if a solution is formed , then the  components of the solution are similar throughout	nongold
59	boiling is a kind of phase change	nongold
