0	a mountain is a kind of land feature	nongold
1	forming something is a kind of change	nongold
2	weathering; erosion usually occurs over a period of many years	nongold
3	to cause the formation of means to form	nongold
4	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	gold
5	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
6	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
7	a volcanic eruption is a kind of change	nongold
8	to create means to make	nongold
9	if something releases something else then that something is the source of that something else	nongold
10	an island is formed by lava being released; cooling on the ocean floor over time	gold
11	the surface of the Earth is made of 70% ocean	nongold
12	an island	answer
13	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
14	to make means to form	nongold
15	ground means floor	nongold
16	a whole is formed by its parts	nongold
17	to emit means to release	nongold
18	a coast is where land meets the edge of a body of water	nongold
19	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
20	A volcano under the ocean slowly releases lava over time. As the lava is released, it cools and hardens on the ocean floor. Which feature will most likely form from the release and cooling of the lava on the ocean floor over time?	question
21	an island	answer
22	to change means to cause a change	nongold
23	if something transfers something else then that something is a source of something else	nongold
24	an island is a kind of landform	gold
25	a continent is a kind of large land mass	nongold
26	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
27	high is similar to increase	nongold
28	below means lower down	nongold
29	a volcano is a source of magma; lava	nongold
30	water level is similar to ocean level	nongold
31	land is a kind of environment	nongold
32	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	gold
33	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
34	if something returns to a place then that something increases in that place	nongold
35	to add means to increase	nongold
36	an island is a kind of landform	gold
37	a land feature is a kind of physical characteristic	nongold
38	landform means surface feature; physical feature; land feature	gold
39	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
40	an island	answer
41	an island is formed by lava being released; cooling on the ocean floor over time	gold
42	form means kind	nongold
43	oceans cover 70% of the surface of the earth	nongold
44	increase means more	nongold
45	an island is formed by lava being released; cooling on the ocean floor over time	gold
46	to change into means to form	nongold
47	if something exists on a surface then that surface contains that something	nongold
48	to be formed by is similar to being produced by	nongold
49	an island	answer
50	a body of water contains water	nongold
51	a process is a kind of event	nongold
52	igneous rocks; minerals are formed by magma; lava cooling; crystallizing	nongold
53	an island is a kind of landform	gold
54	oceans regulate the temperature of nearby land	nongold
