0	a surface is a part of an object	gold
1	sound means sound energy	nongold
2	echo is when sound reflects off of a surface	gold
3	a cavern is a kind of land form	gold
4	to happen means to occur	nongold
5	a surface is a part of an object	gold
6	the ability to refract is a property of waves	nongold
7	the reflection of the sound waves	answer
8	vibration is a kind of motion	nongold
9	sound is produced when mechanical energy is transformed into sound energy	nongold
10	Some students were on a tour exploring the inside of a cave. While the students were in the cave, they realized they heard an echo every time that they spoke. Which most likely caused the echo to occur?	question
11	a vibration is similar to a wave	nongold
12	sound is a kind of energy	nongold
13	sound is a kind of air vibration	nongold
14	a mirror reflects light	nongold
15	can be means able to be	nongold
16	loud means high in sound energy;sound intensity	nongold
17	hearing is used for sensing sound by animals	nongold
18	a cavern is a cave	gold
19	to bounce back means to reflect	nongold
20	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
21	pitch of a sound can be  used to describe the frequency of the sound wave	nongold
22	talking is when a human produces sound to communicate	nongold
23	a cavern is a cave	gold
24	a mirror is used for reflecting light	nongold
25	if the frequency  of a sound wave is too high , then human cannot hear  the sound	nongold
26	occur is similar to appear	nongold
27	volume; sound intensity is a property of sound; sound energy and includes ordered values of quiet; normal; loud	nongold
28	when a sound is produced inside of a room , there is sometimes an echo after the sound	nongold
29	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
30	reflection is a kind of process	nongold
31	reflection is when light is reflected from one object; one place to  another object; another place	nongold
32	reflection is a property of light	nongold
33	seeing is used for sensing visual things	nongold
34	once per means every	nongold
35	a cavern is a kind of land form	gold
36	Some students were on a tour exploring the inside of a cave. While the students were in the cave, they realized they heard an echo every time that they spoke. Which most likely caused the echo to occur?	question
37	echo is when sound reflects off of a surface	gold
38	a rock is a kind of object	nongold
39	the reflection of the sound waves	answer
40	an image in a mirror is formed by reflecting light	nongold
41	a surface is a part of an object	gold
42	a cavern is a cave	gold
43	the reflection of the sound waves	answer
44	acoustic signal is a kind of sound wave	nongold
45	the reflection of the sound waves	answer
46	Some students were on a tour exploring the inside of a cave. While the students were in the cave, they realized they heard an echo every time that they spoke. Which most likely caused the echo to occur?	question
47	the ability to reflect is a property of sound wave	nongold
48	Some students were on a tour exploring the inside of a cave. While the students were in the cave, they realized they heard an echo every time that they spoke. Which most likely caused the echo to occur?	question
49	a cavern is a kind of land form	gold
50	echo is when sound reflects off of a surface	gold
51	sound wave is similar to sound	nongold
52	often is similar to likely	nongold
53	intense sound energy can move objects	nongold
54	affected means changed	nongold
55	matter; molecules vibrating can cause sound	nongold
56	speaking is a kind of communication	nongold
57	particles in objects are a kind of matter	nongold
