0	made up of means contains; made of	nongold
1	phase means state	nongold
2	the moon orbits the Earth	nongold
3	revolving is a kind of motion	nongold
4	a planet is a kind of place	nongold
5	to cause an event is similar to being involved in that event	nongold
6	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
7	a full moon is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
8	a theory is a kind of idea that has been tested and supported by results repeatedly	nongold
9	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
10	astronomy is a kind of branch of science	nongold
11	to cause means to be responsible for	gold
12	rotation  is  the  circular movement of an object around a center; axis	nongold
13	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
14	a planet is a kind of location	nongold
15	the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during the day	nongold
16	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
17	the moon revolving around; orbiting the Earth causes the phases of the moon	gold
18	movements of celestial bodies are a kind of event	nongold
19	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
20	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
21	each of the moon's phases occurs once per month	nongold
22	some celestial bodies rotate in space	nongold
23	Celestial bodies move in orbits in space around other celestial bodies	nongold
24	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
25	the moon revolving around; orbiting the Earth causes the phases of the moon	gold
26	if the surface of an object contains something then that object is covered with that something	nongold
27	moving is similar to travelling	nongold
28	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
29	the moon does not contain air; water	nongold
30	if something is made of something; a material then that something contains that something; that material	nongold
31	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
32	revolving  around something means orbiting that something	nongold
33	astronomy is the study of celestial (objects, bodies)	nongold
34	a surface is a part of an object	nongold
35	to cause means to be responsible for	gold
36	moving something is a kind of function	nongold
37	a constellation contains stars	nongold
38	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
39	objects are made of materials; substances; matter	nongold
40	to cause means to be responsible for	gold
41	invisible means cannot be seen	nongold
42	to contain something means to have that something	nongold
43	to be found in means to be contained in	nongold
44	Earth rotating on its axis occurs once per day	nongold
45	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
46	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
47	the moon revolving around; orbiting the Earth causes the phases of the moon	gold
48	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
49	a waning gibbous is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
50	lunar phase is synonymous with moon phase	nongold
51	rotating is similar to moving	nongold
