0	an asexually produced offspring is genetically identical to its parent	nongold
1	asexual reproduction is not a source of genetic variation in offspring	nongold
2	a sperm cell is a kind of  sex cell	gold
3	Chromosomes contain the genetic information of an organism. Fruit flies reproduce by sexual reproduction. Most of the cells of a fruit fly have 8 chromosomes. Which statement best explains the source of the chromosomes in a normal fertilized fruit fly egg?	question
4	The sperm cell provides 4 chromosomes and the egg cell provides 4 chromosomes.	answer
5	Chromosomes contain the genetic information of an organism. Fruit flies reproduce by sexual reproduction. Most of the cells of a fruit fly have 8 chromosomes. Which statement best explains the source of the chromosomes in a normal fertilized fruit fly egg?	question
6	to attract females; males means to attract mates	nongold
7	gamete means sex cell	nongold
8	pollinator means pollinating animal	nongold
9	trait is a kind of genetic information	nongold
10	to provide something means to be the source of that something	gold
11	a fertilized egg cell is a source of an embryo by dividing	nongold
12	The sperm cell provides 4 chromosomes and the egg cell provides 4 chromosomes.	answer
13	trait is synonymous with characteristic	nongold
14	The sperm cell provides 4 chromosomes and the egg cell provides 4 chromosomes.	answer
15	sexual reproduction is a source of genetic variation; naturally occurring variation in offspring; in a species	nongold
16	sexual reproduction increases genetic diversity	nongold
17	fertilization is when an egg cell becomes fertilized	nongold
18	asexual reproduction is when a single parent passes inherited traits to offspring	nongold
19	most means over 50% of something	nongold
20	The sperm cell provides 4 chromosomes and the egg cell provides 4 chromosomes.	answer
21	a sperm cell is a kind of  sex cell	gold
22	reproduction produces; produce offspring	nongold
23	Chromosomes contain the genetic information of an organism. Fruit flies reproduce by sexual reproduction. Most of the cells of a fruit fly have 8 chromosomes. Which statement best explains the source of the chromosomes in a normal fertilized fruit fly egg?	question
24	a fly is a kind of insect	nongold
25	each sex cell provides half the number of chromosomes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	gold
26	reproduction is when an organism passes genetic information from itself to its offspring	nongold
27	each sex cell provides half the number of chromosomes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	gold
28	an insect is a kind of animal	nongold
29	a mother is a kind of female parent	nongold
30	the ovaries are used in reproduction	nongold
31	if something requires something else then that something requires a source of that something else	nongold
32	an egg cell is a kind of sex cell	gold
33	to be used for something means to be required by that something	nongold
34	provide is similar to give; make	nongold
35	a cell is very small	nongold
36	a sperm cell is a kind of  sex cell	gold
37	genetics is a part of biology	nongold
38	to provide something means to be the source of that something	gold
39	being used for is similar to providing	nongold
40	an egg cell is a kind of sex cell	gold
41	if something is a part of something else then that something else contains that something	nongold
42	if something is a source of something else then that something usually contains that something else	nongold
43	each sex cell provides half the number of chromosomes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	gold
44	sexual reproduction produces offspring with genetic material from both parents; cells with genetic material from both parent cells	nongold
45	a  chromosome contains genes	nongold
46	Chromosomes contain the genetic information of an organism. Fruit flies reproduce by sexual reproduction. Most of the cells of a fruit fly have 8 chromosomes. Which statement best explains the source of the chromosomes in a normal fertilized fruit fly egg?	question
47	parents produce offspring	nongold
48	an animal needs to attract a mate to reproduce	nongold
49	to provide something means to be the source of that something	gold
50	information in an organism's chromosomes cause genetic traits to be passed down to that organism's offspring	nongold
51	one parent is the source of 50% of the genes in a fertilized egg through sexual reproduction	nongold
52	an allele is a kind of gene	nongold
53	an egg is a kind of object	nongold
54	the reproductive system produces sperm; egg cells	nongold
55	an egg cell is a kind of sex cell	gold
56	a mother births offspring	nongold
57	if something comes from something else then that something else is a source of that something	nongold
