0	a moon phase occurs 28 days after the last time it occurred	nongold
1	celestial bodies; celestial objects are found in space	nongold
2	a constellation contains stars	nongold
3	move around means revolve	nongold
4	astronomy is a kind of branch of science	nongold
5	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
6	the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight	nongold
7	spin means rotate	nongold
8	revolving is a kind of action	nongold
9	movement is a kind of change	nongold
10	the moon revolving around; orbiting the Earth causes the phases of the moon	gold
11	being around something means surrounding  that something	nongold
12	to cause means to be responsible for	gold
13	a rotation is a kind of movement	nongold
14	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
15	some celestial bodies rotate in space	nongold
16	the Earth rotating on its axis causes  stars; the Moon to appear to move across the sky at night	nongold
17	a planet's  moon is smaller than that planet	nongold
18	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
19	planets orbit stars	nongold
20	rotation  is  the  circular movement of an object around a center; axis	nongold
21	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
22	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
23	the Earth revolves around the sun	nongold
24	revolving is a kind of motion	nongold
25	phase means state	nongold
26	to cause means to be responsible for	gold
27	moving is similar to travelling	nongold
28	a full moon is a kind of phase of the moon	nongold
29	Earth rotating on its axis occurs once per day	nongold
30	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
31	a surface is a part of an object	nongold
32	each of the moon's phases occurs once per month	nongold
33	the first quarter phase of the moon occurs after the new moon	nongold
34	a moon phase is a kind of natural event	nongold
35	a star is usually larger than a planet	nongold
36	Leo is a kind of constellation	nongold
37	to cause means to be responsible for	gold
38	the moon revolving around; orbiting the Earth causes the phases of the moon	gold
39	The early Greeks are credited with many valid concepts in astronomy. Some of their theories were correct; some were later proven incorrect. One theory was that Earth was the center of the universe and that other planets circled Earth. The Greeks thought Earth did not move because its movement was not obvious from the surface of the planet. The Greeks also believed that an invisible sphere surrounding our planet contained the stars. This sphere rotated, explaining the apparent movement of constellations over time. Which celestial motion is responsible for the phases of the moon?	question
40	moons are large; solid; spherical	nongold
41	astronomy is the study of celestial (objects, bodies)	nongold
42	gravity causes orbits	nongold
43	a rotation of the moon takes 1; one month	nongold
44	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
45	a moon is a kind of satellite	nongold
46	the moon revolving around; orbiting the Earth causes the phases of the moon	gold
47	a planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet	nongold
48	a moon is located in space	nongold
49	if something causes a process then that something is required for that process	nongold
50	lunar phase is synonymous with moon phase	nongold
51	the moon revolving around Earth	answer
