0	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	gold
1	friction is used for stopping a vehicle by brakes	nongold
2	pulling is a kind of motion	nongold
3	skidding causes speed to decrease	nongold
4	the force of friction	answer
5	if one surface is moved against; moved over; moved down another surface then those surfaces are touching	gold
6	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
7	a vehicle is a kind of object	nongold
8	pushing something can cause that something  to move	nongold
9	to reduce means to decrease	gold
10	as moisture of an object decreases , the friction of that object against another object will increase	nongold
11	a student is a kind of human	nongold
12	rough is the opposite of smooth	nongold
13	speed is a property of an object and includes values of slow; fast	nongold
14	a wall is a kind of surface	nongold
15	if one surface is moved against; moved over; moved down another surface then those surfaces are touching	gold
16	a block is a kind of object	gold
17	as the mass of an object increases , the force required to push that object will increase	nongold
18	raising is a kind of motion	nongold
19	a ramp is a kind of object	gold
20	a force is a kind of push or pull on an object	nongold
21	the force of friction	answer
22	high is similar to increase	nongold
23	a surface is a part of an object	gold
24	a block is a kind of object	gold
25	falling means moving downward	nongold
26	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
27	a ramp is a kind of object	gold
28	rolling down is similar to falling	nongold
29	to reduce means to decrease	gold
30	a ramp is a kind of object	gold
31	low means down	nongold
32	material means substance	nongold
33	a block is a kind of object	gold
34	A student sets a block at the top of a wooden ramp. The student pushes the block. As the block slides down the ramp, it slows down and then comes to a stop. What force causes the block to slow down?	question
35	the force of friction	answer
36	to lower means to decrease	nongold
37	push is a kind of force; application of force	nongold
38	friction causes the temperature of an object to increase	nongold
39	a force acting on an object in the opposite direction that the object is moving can cause that object's speed to decrease in a forward motion	nongold
40	counter means reduce; stop; resist	gold
41	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	gold
42	reducing is similar to slowing	nongold
43	an object exerts an upward force objects that sit on that object	nongold
44	sliding is a kind of movement	gold
45	being  on something; placed in something; placed over something means touching  that something	nongold
46	A student sets a block at the top of a wooden ramp. The student pushes the block. As the block slides down the ramp, it slows down and then comes to a stop. What force causes the block to slow down?	question
47	as the power of the force exerted on an object increases , the speed with which that object is moved will increase	nongold
48	A student sets a block at the top of a wooden ramp. The student pushes the block. As the block slides down the ramp, it slows down and then comes to a stop. What force causes the block to slow down?	question
49	lowering is a kind of motion	nongold
50	friction acts to counter the motion of two objects when their surfaces are touching	gold
51	friction causes the speed of an object to decrease	gold
52	if someone walks on a surface then that someone touches that surface	nongold
53	sliding is a kind of movement	gold
54	friction acts to counter the motion of two objects when their surfaces are touching	gold
55	if a wheel travels on a surface then the wheel touches that surface	nongold
56	friction is a kind of force	gold
57	counter means reduce; stop; resist	gold
58	exerting force on an object means a force acts on an object	nongold
59	friction is a kind of force	gold
60	as roughness of a surface increases , friction will increase	nongold
61	the force of friction	answer
62	friction is a kind of force	gold
63	sliding is a kind of movement	gold
64	a slide is a kind of object	nongold
65	friction causes the speed of an object to decrease	gold
66	a surface is a part of an object	gold
67	friction acts to counter the motion of two objects when their surfaces are touching	gold
68	if one surface is moved against; moved over; moved down another surface then those surfaces are touching	gold
69	friction causes the speed of an object to decrease	gold
70	to reduce means to decrease	gold
71	A student sets a block at the top of a wooden ramp. The student pushes the block. As the block slides down the ramp, it slows down and then comes to a stop. What force causes the block to slow down?	question
72	to slow; to slow down decreases speed	gold
73	particles in objects are a kind of matter	nongold
74	counter means reduce; stop; resist	gold
75	a surface is a part of an object	gold
