0	From Earth, we see the sun in the day sky and other stars in the night sky. Nighttime stars look like tiny points of light. Which statement explains why nighttime stars appear so much smaller than the sun?	question
1	the sun is  the largest celestial body in our solar system	nongold
2	eyes are used for seeing by animals by sensing light	nongold
3	stars are located light years apart from each other	nongold
4	as a source of light becomes closer , that source will appear brighter	nongold
5	as distance from an object decreases , that object will appear larger	gold
6	close means low in distance	gold
7	close means low in distance	gold
8	small is the opposite of large	gold
9	far means great in distance	nongold
10	as the size of an object appears larger , that object will be seen;be observed more easily; better	nongold
11	near; close is the opposite of far; away	nongold
12	the Moon is closer to the Earth than the Sun	nongold
13	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	gold
14	a star requires energy	nongold
15	The stars are much farther away.	answer
16	the stars in the night sky are very far away from the Earth	gold
17	a star produces light and heat	nongold
18	far is the opposite of close	gold
19	the stars in the night sky are very far away from the Earth	gold
20	looking like is similar to camouflaging as	nongold
21	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
22	how something  appears is how that something  looks	nongold
23	close means low in distance	gold
24	proximity means distance	nongold
25	low is similar to decrease	gold
26	as distance to an object increases , that object will appear smaller	nongold
27	as distance from an object decreases , that object will appear larger	gold
28	seeing requires light	nongold
29	nighttime means night	nongold
30	to see means to look	nongold
31	far is the opposite of close	gold
32	shorter means smaller; less in  height	nongold
33	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	gold
34	away is a kind of direction	nongold
35	The stars are much farther away.	answer
36	night is low in light; in visibility	nongold
37	The stars are much farther away.	answer
38	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
39	From Earth, we see the sun in the day sky and other stars in the night sky. Nighttime stars look like tiny points of light. Which statement explains why nighttime stars appear so much smaller than the sun?	question
40	viewing means observing light	nongold
41	daytime means day	nongold
42	The stars are much farther away.	answer
43	to view means to see	nongold
44	as distance from a source of light increases , that source of  light will appear dimmer	nongold
45	From Earth, we see the sun in the day sky and other stars in the night sky. Nighttime stars look like tiny points of light. Which statement explains why nighttime stars appear so much smaller than the sun?	question
46	small is the opposite of large	gold
47	moving away from the source increases the distance	nongold
48	From Earth, we see the sun in the day sky and other stars in the night sky. Nighttime stars look like tiny points of light. Which statement explains why nighttime stars appear so much smaller than the sun?	question
49	far is the opposite of close	gold
50	highest means largest; greatest; most in height	nongold
51	greatest means largest; highest; most amount of something	nongold
52	eyes are a part of a human for seeing	nongold
53	to move away means to increase distance	nongold
54	as distance from an object decreases , that object will appear larger	gold
55	the sun is a kind of yellow dwarf	nongold
56	as distance from a source of something increases , that something will decrease	nongold
57	low is similar to decrease	gold
58	low is similar to decrease	gold
59	the sun is average in size for a star in our galaxy	nongold
60	a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body	nongold
61	small is the opposite of large	gold
62	high is similar to increase	nongold
63	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	gold
64	the stars in the night sky are very far away from the Earth	gold
65	larger means greater; higher; more; increase in size	nongold
