0	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
1	to be good for means to have a positive impact on	nongold
2	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	gold
3	tunnels in soil loosen that soil	gold
4	a plant requires photosynthesis to grow; survive	nongold
5	helping means to assist in a change	nongold
6	an organism is a living thing	nongold
7	Earthworms live underground in the soil. As they move through the soil, they create tunnels. The tunnels help improve the soil. Plants grow better in soil that has earthworms. Which statement explains how earthworm tunnels help plants?	question
8	requiring is similar to needing help	nongold
9	to lower means to decrease	nongold
10	Earthworms live underground in the soil. As they move through the soil, they create tunnels. The tunnels help improve the soil. Plants grow better in soil that has earthworms. Which statement explains how earthworm tunnels help plants?	question
11	roots anchor plants into the soil	nongold
12	the looseness of soil has a positive impact on a plant's roots' growth in that soil	gold
13	an insect is a kind of prey	nongold
14	all living things grow	nongold
15	decomposition increases the  amount of nutrients; nitrogen in the soil	nongold
16	earthworms create tunnels in soil	gold
17	helping means something can be done; completed more easily; better	nongold
18	soil erosion is when wind; moving water; gravity move soil from fields; environments	nongold
19	the looseness of soil increases the amount of oxygen in that soil	nongold
20	earthworms create tunnels in soil	gold
21	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	gold
22	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
23	Earthworms live underground in the soil. As they move through the soil, they create tunnels. The tunnels help improve the soil. Plants grow better in soil that has earthworms. Which statement explains how earthworm tunnels help plants?	question
24	something in the soil is located underground	nongold
25	life means living things	nongold
26	tunnels in soil loosen that soil	gold
27	the looseness of soil has a positive impact on a plant's roots' growth in that soil	gold
28	plants are a part of the environment	nongold
29	the top layer of soil contains the most nutrients	nongold
30	to pass through means to move through	nongold
31	Earthworm tunnels loosen the soil so plant roots can easily grow	answer
32	if a plant is planted; growing somewhere then that plant is located there	nongold
33	beneath means below	nongold
34	the looseness of soil has a positive impact on a plant's roots' growth in that soil	gold
35	helping something has a  positive impact on that something	gold
36	a worm has a tube-like body	nongold
37	plants absorb nutrients; water; oxygen from soil into themselves through their roots	nongold
38	tunnels in soil loosen that soil	gold
39	best means most positive	nongold
40	a tunnel is a kind of hole	nongold
41	a plant stem contains a system of tubes for transporting water and nutrients to other parts of the plant	nongold
42	a plants; living things require water for survival; to grow	nongold
43	Earthworm tunnels loosen the soil so plant roots can easily grow	answer
44	Earthworm tunnels loosen the soil so plant roots can easily grow	answer
45	roots are a part of a plant; tree	nongold
46	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
47	travel means to move	nongold
48	forming is similar to growing	nongold
49	better means good	nongold
50	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
51	Earthworm tunnels loosen the soil so plant roots can easily grow	answer
52	growing is a kind of process	nongold
53	Earthworms live underground in the soil. As they move through the soil, they create tunnels. The tunnels help improve the soil. Plants grow better in soil that has earthworms. Which statement explains how earthworm tunnels help plants?	question
54	denser means more dense	nongold
55	a leaf is a part of a  green plant	nongold
56	a leaf is a kind of plant	nongold
57	earthworms create tunnels in soil	gold
