0	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
1	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
2	omnivores eat plants; animals	nongold
3	food contains carbohydrates	nongold
4	an insect is a kind of prey	nongold
5	a protozoan is a kind of animal	gold
6	mutualism	answer
7	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
8	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	gold
9	an insect is a kind of animal	gold
10	predators; carnivores; omnivores eat other animals	nongold
11	a nutrient is a kind of object	nongold
12	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	gold
13	a living thing is made of cells	nongold
14	Termites eat wood but cannot digest it. Protozoans live in the termites' stomachs and use enzymes to break down the wood. The digested wood provides nutrition for both the termites and the protozoans. What type of relationship is this?	question
15	a small intestine is a part of a human's; animal's digestive system for the digestion of proteins	nongold
16	an organism is a living thing	gold
17	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	gold
18	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	gold
19	digestion of proteins occurs in the stomach; small intestine	nongold
20	if something contains something , then something is able to provide something	nongold
21	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
22	carnivores; omnivores; herbivores are a kind of animal	nongold
23	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
24	mutualism has a positive impact on both organisms in the relationship	gold
25	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	gold
26	separate is similar to break down	nongold
27	the body is a part of an organism	nongold
28	requiring something means needing that something	nongold
29	a stomach is a part of a human's; animal's digestive system for the digestion of proteins	nongold
30	an organism is a living thing	gold
31	mutualism	answer
32	become prey means get eaten	nongold
33	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
34	mutualism	answer
35	to break down means to break into smaller pieces	nongold
36	mutualism has a positive impact on both organisms in the relationship	gold
37	a protozoan is a kind of animal	gold
38	digestion is when food is absorbed into the blood stream	nongold
39	mutualism	answer
40	a protozoan is a kind of animal	gold
41	an insect is a kind of animal	gold
42	a fungus is a kind of organism	nongold
43	digestion is when stomach acid breaks down food	nongold
44	Termites eat wood but cannot digest it. Protozoans live in the termites' stomachs and use enzymes to break down the wood. The digested wood provides nutrition for both the termites and the protozoans. What type of relationship is this?	question
45	a worm is a kind of living thing	nongold
46	an organism is a living thing	gold
47	breaking down is a kind of forming	nongold
48	a relationship occurs when two or more things interact with one another	nongold
49	mutualism has a positive impact on both organisms in the relationship	gold
50	living things eat their food source	nongold
51	requiring is similar to needing help	nongold
52	Termites eat wood but cannot digest it. Protozoans live in the termites' stomachs and use enzymes to break down the wood. The digested wood provides nutrition for both the termites and the protozoans. What type of relationship is this?	question
53	to digest means to break down food	nongold
54	provide is similar to give; make	nongold
55	a termite is a kind of insect	gold
56	Termites eat wood but cannot digest it. Protozoans live in the termites' stomachs and use enzymes to break down the wood. The digested wood provides nutrition for both the termites and the protozoans. What type of relationship is this?	question
57	an animal is a kind of eukaryote	nongold
58	food is what an animal eats	nongold
59	both means two	nongold
60	an insect is a kind of animal	gold
61	if a living thing requires something then that something has a positive impact on that living thing	gold
62	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
63	a termite is a kind of insect	gold
64	a termite is a kind of insect	gold
65	eating;digestion is when an organism takes in nutrients from food into itself by eating	nongold
66	a predator usually kills its prey to eat it	nongold
67	diet means what an animal eats	nongold
