0	pollen is part of a flower for reproduction	gold
1	pollen is part of a flower for reproduction	gold
2	a flower is a kind of object	nongold
3	pollination is when pollinating animals; wind; water carry pollen from one flower to another flower	gold
4	pollination requires pollinators; pollinating animals	nongold
5	role means function	nongold
6	reproduction is a stage in the life cycle process	gold
7	a hummingbird is a kind of animal	nongold
8	an animal is a member of an animal species	nongold
9	to help means to aid	nongold
10	plant reproduction often requires pollen	nongold
11	In the flowering plant life cycle , pollination is part of reproduction	nongold
12	a hummingbird is a kind of bird	gold
13	life means living things	nongold
14	a bird is a kind of living thing	nongold
15	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
16	Nectar is a sweet liquid that some flowering plants produce. A hummingbird drinks nectar from a flower. When a hummingbird drinks nectar, pollen from the flower sticks to the hummingbird's beak. The picture shows a hummingbird drinking nectar from a flower. Which statement explains the role of a hummingbird in the life cycle of a flowering plant?	question
17	to help; to benefit means to be of use	nongold
18	a plant is a kind of organism	nongold
19	A hummingbird helps the plant reproduce.	answer
20	A hummingbird helps the plant reproduce.	answer
21	Nectar is a sweet liquid that some flowering plants produce. A hummingbird drinks nectar from a flower. When a hummingbird drinks nectar, pollen from the flower sticks to the hummingbird's beak. The picture shows a hummingbird drinking nectar from a flower. Which statement explains the role of a hummingbird in the life cycle of a flowering plant?	question
22	to be a vehicle for is a kind of function	nongold
23	when pollen sticks to a hummingbird , that pollen will move to where the hummingbird moves	gold
24	nectar is used for attracting pollinators by plants	nongold
25	A bird is a pollinating animal	gold
26	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
27	to be involved in something means to have a role in something	nongold
28	a hummingbird is a kind of bird	gold
29	a liquid is a kind of substance	nongold
30	to eat means to consume food	nongold
31	purpose means role	nongold
32	A bird is a pollinating animal	gold
33	a beak is a part of a bird	nongold
34	In the flowering plant life cycle , reproduction can follow growth	nongold
35	An insect is a pollinating animal	nongold
36	when pollen sticks to a hummingbird , that pollen will move to where the hummingbird moves	gold
37	pollination is when pollinating animals; wind; water carry pollen from one flower to another flower	gold
38	a hummingbird is a kind of bird	gold
39	all living things have life cycles	nongold
40	eating; taking in food is used to get nutrients;energy by animals; living things	nongold
41	an animal needs to eat food for nutrients	nongold
42	pollination is a kind of process for plant reproduction	gold
43	A bird is a pollinating animal	gold
44	reproduction is a stage in the life cycle process	gold
45	a food contains nutrients for living things	nongold
46	reproduction is a stage in the life cycle process	gold
47	Nectar is a sweet liquid that some flowering plants produce. A hummingbird drinks nectar from a flower. When a hummingbird drinks nectar, pollen from the flower sticks to the hummingbird's beak. The picture shows a hummingbird drinking nectar from a flower. Which statement explains the role of a hummingbird in the life cycle of a flowering plant?	question
48	a flower is a part of a plant for attracting pollinators; producing seeds	nongold
49	when pollen sticks to a hummingbird , that pollen will move to where the hummingbird moves	gold
50	In the flowering plant life cycle , flowering can follow growth	nongold
51	part means role	nongold
52	pollination is a kind of process for plant reproduction	gold
53	a hummingbird can reach flowers by hovering in the air	nongold
54	pollination is a kind of process for plant reproduction	gold
55	A hummingbird helps the plant reproduce.	answer
56	a flower contains pollen for sexual reproduction	nongold
57	In the flowering plant life cycle , fruiting is part of reproduction	nongold
58	green plants are a kind of producer	nongold
59	a plant; living thing requires food for survival	nongold
60	Nectar is a sweet liquid that some flowering plants produce. A hummingbird drinks nectar from a flower. When a hummingbird drinks nectar, pollen from the flower sticks to the hummingbird's beak. The picture shows a hummingbird drinking nectar from a flower. Which statement explains the role of a hummingbird in the life cycle of a flowering plant?	question
61	where something  comes from is a source of that something	nongold
62	pollination is when pollinating animals; wind; water carry pollen from one flower to another flower	gold
63	A hummingbird helps the plant reproduce.	answer
64	reproduction increases the number; population of a living thing	nongold
65	pollen is part of a flower for reproduction	gold
