0	cooler means colder	nongold
1	tropical environments usually have  warm temperatures	gold
2	Corals are animals that live in tropical oceans. Fossils of corals are found in Ohio. What does the presence of coral fossils suggest about how the environment of Ohio has changed over time?	question
3	a body of water is a kind of environment	gold
4	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
5	warm means warm temperature	nongold
6	a landform is a kind of place	nongold
7	sea means ocean	gold
8	Ohio was once covered by warm seas.	answer
9	a coral reef is a kind of ecosystem	nongold
10	an ocean is a kind of body of water	gold
11	tropical coral lives in warm water	gold
12	tropical coral lives in warm water	gold
13	sea means ocean	gold
14	fossils are formed when layers of sediment cover the remains of organisms over time	nongold
15	tropical coral lives in warm water	gold
16	Corals are animals that live in tropical oceans. Fossils of corals are found in Ohio. What does the presence of coral fossils suggest about how the environment of Ohio has changed over time?	question
17	if something required by something else is in a place then that something else may be in that place	nongold
18	an animal is a kind of organism	gold
19	an aquatic animal is a kind of animal	gold
20	an animal is a kind of living thing	nongold
21	coral lives in the ocean	gold
22	coral is a kind of aquatic animal	gold
23	coral lives in the ocean	gold
24	to be found in means to be contained in	nongold
25	a body of water is a kind of environment	gold
26	an animal is a kind of organism	gold
27	Ohio was once covered by warm seas.	answer
28	an environment is similar to an ecosystem	nongold
29	fossil means preserved remains of ancient organisms	gold
30	harming something has a  negative impact on; effect on that something	nongold
31	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	gold
32	an ocean is a kind of body of water	gold
33	a body of water is a kind of environment	gold
34	an aquatic animal is a kind of animal	gold
35	aquatic animal means water animal	gold
36	warm means medium heat energy; temperature	nongold
37	if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past	gold
38	a climate is synonymous with an environment	nongold
39	if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past	gold
40	if the surface of an object contains something then that object is covered with that something	nongold
41	tropical environments usually have  warm temperatures	gold
42	animals; living things live and feed in their habitats; near their habitats	nongold
43	warm-weather organisms live in warm climates	nongold
44	sea means ocean	gold
45	Ohio was once covered by warm seas.	answer
46	cool means cold	nongold
47	if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past	gold
48	organisms lived in the water when they first appeared on Earth	nongold
49	algae is a kind of living thing	nongold
50	found in means existing in	nongold
51	an aquatic animal is a kind of animal	gold
52	an animal requires warmth for survival	nongold
53	an ocean is a kind of body of water	gold
54	ocean temperatures change slowly	nongold
55	coral is a kind of aquatic animal	gold
56	tropical environments usually have  warm temperatures	gold
57	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
58	Corals are animals that live in tropical oceans. Fossils of corals are found in Ohio. What does the presence of coral fossils suggest about how the environment of Ohio has changed over time?	question
59	an animal is a member of an animal species	nongold
60	organisms are a part of an environment	nongold
61	fossil means preserved remains of ancient organisms	gold
62	an organism is a living thing	nongold
63	an ocean contains waves	nongold
64	fossil means preserved remains of ancient organisms	gold
65	Ohio was once covered by warm seas.	answer
66	affected means changed	nongold
67	an environment means an area	nongold
68	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	gold
69	aquatic animal means water animal	gold
70	aquatic animal means water animal	gold
71	an animal is a kind of organism	gold
72	coral is a kind of aquatic animal	gold
73	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	gold
74	Corals are animals that live in tropical oceans. Fossils of corals are found in Ohio. What does the presence of coral fossils suggest about how the environment of Ohio has changed over time?	question
75	an environment is a kind of place	nongold
76	ocean animal is similar to water animal	nongold
77	organisms mean life	nongold
78	coral lives in the ocean	gold
79	animals; living things require water for survival	nongold
80	place means area	nongold
