0	size is a property of objects and includes ordered values of microscopic; tiny; small; medium; large	nongold
1	how something  appears is how that something  looks	nongold
2	The sun is closer to Earth than other stars, making the sun appear larger.	answer
3	less is similar to decrease	nongold
4	The sun is a star of average size and brightness. From Earth, the sun appears as a round, yellow object in the daytime sky. At night, we see other stars. They appear as tiny points of light. Why does the sun appear larger than stars that we see at night?	question
5	The sun is closer to Earth than other stars, making the sun appear larger.	answer
6	Earth is a kind of planet	nongold
7	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	gold
8	The sun is a star of average size and brightness. From Earth, the sun appears as a round, yellow object in the daytime sky. At night, we see other stars. They appear as tiny points of light. Why does the sun appear larger than stars that we see at night?	question
9	towards means closer to something	nongold
10	as the size of a source of something increases , the amount of the something that that source produces will decrease	nongold
11	night is low in light; in visibility	nongold
12	as distance from an object decreases , the the pull of gravity on that object increases	nongold
13	if an object is close then that object will appear large	gold
14	all the time means at day and at night	nongold
15	length is a part of size	nongold
16	decreasing is similar to becoming smaller	nongold
17	daylight means sunlight	nongold
18	far means great in distance	nongold
19	the stars in the night sky are very far away from the Earth	gold
20	the Sun is a kind of star	nongold
21	dark is the opposite of light	nongold
22	the stars in the night sky are very far away from the Earth	gold
23	the stars in the night sky are very far away from the Earth	gold
24	eyes are usually part of an animal for seeing	nongold
25	if an object is close then that object will appear large	gold
26	occur is similar to appear	nongold
27	high is similar to increase	nongold
28	the Moon is closer to the Earth than the Sun	nongold
29	far is the opposite of close	gold
30	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
31	The sun is closer to Earth than other stars, making the sun appear larger.	answer
32	small is the opposite of large	nongold
33	close means low in distance	nongold
34	to look like means to have the visual properties of	nongold
35	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	gold
36	nighttime means night	nongold
37	The sun is a star of average size and brightness. From Earth, the sun appears as a round, yellow object in the daytime sky. At night, we see other stars. They appear as tiny points of light. Why does the sun appear larger than stars that we see at night?	question
38	the Earth rotating on its axis causes  stars; the Moon to appear to move across the sky at night	nongold
39	stars make their own light	nongold
40	to move toward means to move nearer	nongold
41	the Sun has average brightness compared to other stars	nongold
42	the sun is a kind of yellow dwarf	nongold
43	daytime means day	nongold
44	far is the opposite of close	gold
45	stars appear to move relative to the horizon during the night	nongold
46	to round means to make more round	nongold
47	the sun is the source of solar energy called sunlight	nongold
48	Earth is a planet that is closer to the  Sun than Jupiter	nongold
49	The sun is closer to Earth than other stars, making the sun appear larger.	answer
50	a planet is a kind of celestial object; body	nongold
51	a living thing is a kind of object	nongold
52	The sun is a star of average size and brightness. From Earth, the sun appears as a round, yellow object in the daytime sky. At night, we see other stars. They appear as tiny points of light. Why does the sun appear larger than stars that we see at night?	question
53	as distance from a source of something increases , that something will decrease	nongold
54	the Sun is the  star that is closest to Earth	gold
55	if an object is close then that object will appear large	gold
56	the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight	nongold
57	far is the opposite of close	gold
