0	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	gold
1	a desert is a kind of environment	nongold
2	a body of water is a kind of environment	nongold
3	scientists make observations	nongold
4	a pond is a kind of environment	nongold
5	a pond is a kind of habitat	nongold
6	an ecosystem contains nonliving things	nongold
7	water exists in three states on Earth	nongold
8	fossil means preserved remains of ancient organisms	nongold
9	There were lakes with water plants.	answer
10	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	gold
11	an ocean is a kind of body of water	nongold
12	if fossils of an organism change depending on the level in which they were found then that species of organism changed over time	nongold
13	if something is a part of something then that something can be found in that something	nongold
14	an ecosystem is a kind of habitat	nongold
15	a desert is a kind of land feature	nongold
16	if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past	gold
17	a desert environment is dry	nongold
18	organisms lived in the water when they first appeared on Earth	nongold
19	a lake is a kind of body of water	gold
20	a lake is a kind of body of water	gold
21	trout live in lakes	nongold
22	Scientists found fish fossils in the desert. What do the fossils tell about this environment when the fish were alive?	question
23	There were lakes with water plants.	answer
24	organisms mean life	nongold
25	a fish lives in water	gold
26	grass is a kind of green plant	nongold
27	fresh water means freshwater	nongold
28	a fish lives in water	gold
29	an environment means an area	nongold
30	water is a kind of nonliving thing	nongold
31	Scientists found fish fossils in the desert. What do the fossils tell about this environment when the fish were alive?	question
32	if fossils of an animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place	gold
33	oceans are located on Earth	nongold
34	a fish lives in water	gold
35	an animal is a kind of organism	nongold
36	if a plant is planted; growing somewhere then that plant is located there	nongold
37	a plant requires a habitat for survival	nongold
38	a pond is smaller; shallower than a lake	nongold
39	an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival	nongold
40	Scientists found fish fossils in the desert. What do the fossils tell about this environment when the fish were alive?	question
41	if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past	gold
42	plant parts are made of plants	nongold
43	oceans contains most of  earth's water	nongold
44	organisms can be found in their habitats	nongold
45	objects in an environment are a part of that environment	nongold
46	animals; living things live and feed in their habitats; near their habitats	nongold
47	a lake is a kind of body of water	gold
48	a river is a kind of flowing body of water	nongold
49	a pond is a kind of body of water	nongold
50	dead plants means dead plant material	nongold
51	There were lakes with water plants.	answer
52	if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past	gold
53	a plant is a kind of living thing	nongold
54	There were lakes with water plants.	answer
55	something that contains water is similar to a body of water	nongold
56	Scientists found fish fossils in the desert. What do the fossils tell about this environment when the fish were alive?	question
57	a marsh is a kind of body of water	nongold
