0	increasing heat causes thermal expansion	nongold
1	Heat was added to the ice cream.	answer
2	melting means matter; a substance changes from a solid into a liquid by increasing heat energy	gold
3	ice cream is a kind of solid	gold
4	a bowl is a kind of container	nongold
5	adding something is a kind of change	nongold
6	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
7	if heat is added to a substance then that substance absorbs that heat	nongold
8	an object moving from a cool place to a warm place causes the object's temperature to increase	nongold
9	absorbing sunlight causes objects to heat	nongold
10	water is an thermal; thermal energy conductor	nongold
11	melting is a kind of phase change	gold
12	a solid is a kind of substance	nongold
13	cooling;colder means removing;reducing;decreasing heat;temperature	nongold
14	thermal energy is a kind of energy	nongold
15	frozen means solid	nongold
16	warm up means increase temperature	nongold
17	if an object is placed in a substance; in a location that is colder then that object will cool to the same temperature of that substance; of that location	nongold
18	Heat was added to the ice cream.	answer
19	the heat energy in the cooler object increases in thermal conduction	nongold
20	a surface is a part of a material	nongold
21	a source of heat can be used to heat something	nongold
22	ice is a kind of food	nongold
23	milk is a kind of liquid at room temperature	nongold
24	hot chocolate is a kind of  object	nongold
25	heat means heat energy	gold
26	melting is a kind of phase change	gold
27	ice cream is a kind of solid	gold
28	heat means heat energy	gold
29	Ice cream in a bowl changed from solid to liquid in a few minutes. Which of the following most likely caused this change?	question
30	melting is a kind of phase change	gold
31	heat means heat energy	gold
32	an increase is a kind of change	nongold
33	to give off means to be the source of	nongold
34	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
35	temperature changing can cause phase changes	nongold
36	a source of heat can be used to heat something	nongold
37	a liquid is a kind of substance	nongold
38	ice cream is a kind of solid	gold
39	conductivity is a property of a material; substance	nongold
40	Ice cream in a bowl changed from solid to liquid in a few minutes. Which of the following most likely caused this change?	question
41	Ice cream in a bowl changed from solid to liquid in a few minutes. Which of the following most likely caused this change?	question
42	material means substance	nongold
43	thermal conduction is when materials conduct heat through those materials through collision of particles	nongold
44	melting means matter; a substance changes from a solid into a liquid by increasing heat energy	gold
45	freezing is a kind of phase change	nongold
46	a container contains objects; material; substances	nongold
47	hot means high in heat energy; temperature	nongold
48	Heat was added to the ice cream.	answer
49	heat means the transfer of thermal energy	nongold
50	absorbing energy causes objects; materials; substances to heat	nongold
51	melting means matter; a substance changes from a solid into a liquid by increasing heat energy	gold
52	warm means medium heat energy; temperature	nongold
53	friction causes the temperature of an object to increase	nongold
54	Heat was added to the ice cream.	answer
55	to change means to cause a change	nongold
56	heat means temperature increases	nongold
57	Ice cream in a bowl changed from solid to liquid in a few minutes. Which of the following most likely caused this change?	question
