0	metal is sometimes magnetic	nongold
1	a pan;frying pan;pot is used for cooking food by heating food in it on a stove	gold
2	an object; material; substance comes from that object or material's source	nongold
3	a hot substance is a source of heat	nongold
4	aluminum is a kind of metal	nongold
5	copper is a kind of metal	gold
6	water is an thermal; thermal energy conductor	nongold
7	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	gold
8	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	gold
9	heat energy is synonymous with thermal energy	gold
10	heating means adding heat	gold
11	pot;pan;frying pan is made of metal for cooking	gold
12	metal is a thermal; thermal energy conductor	gold
13	thermal conduction is when materials conduct heat through those materials through collision of particles	nongold
14	metal is a thermal; thermal energy conductor	gold
15	pot;pan;frying pan is made of metal for cooking	gold
16	temperature is a measure of heat energy	nongold
17	a kettle is a kind of small; deep pond	nongold
18	an electrical insulator slows; prevents the transfer of; flow of electricity	nongold
19	Yumiko gave some reasons why kettles and kitchen pans are often made of copper. Which reason is correct?	question
20	heat means heat energy	gold
21	a thermal insulator slows; prevents the transfer of heat	nongold
22	composed of means made of	nongold
23	plastic is a kind of electrical insulator	nongold
24	Copper is a good conductor of heat.	answer
25	a pan;frying pan;pot is used for cooking food by heating food in it on a stove	gold
26	Yumiko gave some reasons why kettles and kitchen pans are often made of copper. Which reason is correct?	question
27	heat means the transfer of thermal energy	nongold
28	copper is a kind of metal	gold
29	heating means adding heat	gold
30	a stove is used for cooking by generating heat	nongold
31	cooking wares require a low thermal expansion material	nongold
32	conductivity is a property of a material; substance	nongold
33	heating means adding heat	gold
34	a container is a kind of object	nongold
35	an insulator is a kind of material	nongold
36	a stove is a kind of machine	nongold
37	Yumiko gave some reasons why kettles and kitchen pans are often made of copper. Which reason is correct?	question
38	an object is made of its parts	nongold
39	copper is a kind of metal	gold
40	a hot; warm something is a source of heat	nongold
41	a kettle is formed when chunks of ice left by glaciers melt	nongold
42	a liquid is a kind of substance	nongold
43	if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material	nongold
44	instrument means tool	nongold
45	rubber is thermal;thermal energy insulator	nongold
46	substances have chemical properties	nongold
47	Copper is a good conductor of heat.	answer
48	heat means heat energy	gold
49	a pot is a kind of object	nongold
50	heat means heat energy	gold
51	Copper is a good conductor of heat.	answer
52	adding heat to an object sometimes causes chemical reactions	nongold
53	if an object; a substance makes something then that object; that substance is a source of that thing	nongold
54	useful means good to use	nongold
55	absorbing energy causes objects; materials; substances to heat	nongold
56	Copper is a good conductor of heat.	answer
57	pot;pan;frying pan is made of metal for cooking	gold
58	pots are used for cooking liquid food usually	nongold
59	a source of something emits; produces; generates; provides that something	nongold
60	metal is a thermal; thermal energy conductor	gold
61	Yumiko gave some reasons why kettles and kitchen pans are often made of copper. Which reason is correct?	question
62	plastic is usually an electrical insulator	nongold
63	good means positive	nongold
64	a pan;frying pan;pot is used for cooking food by heating food in it on a stove	gold
65	metal is an  electrical; electrical energy conductor	nongold
