0	heat means the transfer of thermal energy	nongold
1	a particle is a kind of object	nongold
2	as the kinetic energy of particles increases , the particles will move faster	nongold
3	if something emits something else then that something increases the amount of that something else	nongold
4	heat means temperature increases	gold
5	to lower means to decrease	nongold
6	cooling;colder means removing;reducing;decreasing heat;temperature	nongold
7	when a cooler object touches a warmer object , thermal conduction occurs	nongold
8	as the temperature of a substance increases , the molecules in that substance will move faster; farther apart	gold
9	if a hot object; substance is exposed to; touches a cold object; substance then that object; that substance will likely cool	nongold
10	high is similar to increase	nongold
11	a molecule is the smallest particle; unit that has the properties of a compound	nongold
12	an object moving from a cool place to a warm place causes the object's temperature to increase	nongold
13	boiling is a kind of phase change	nongold
14	a molecule is made of atoms chemically combined; bonded	nongold
15	if an object is touching a warmer object , then the  cooler  object will increase in temperature until two objects reach the same temperature	nongold
16	A gas is heated and its temperature increases. What happens to the gas molecules?	question
17	as temperature increases , the speed of molecules will increase	nongold
18	variable means able to change	nongold
19	faster means increased rate	nongold
20	A gas is heated and its temperature increases. What happens to the gas molecules?	question
21	motion; movement means moving; to move	nongold
22	water is in the liquid state , called liquid water , for temperatures between 273; 32; 0 and 373; 212; 100 K; F; C	nongold
23	They move faster.	answer
24	A gas is heated and its temperature increases. What happens to the gas molecules?	question
25	temperature  rise means temperature increase	nongold
26	to reduce means to decrease	nongold
27	can be means able to be	nongold
28	as the temperature of a substance increases , the molecules in that substance will move faster; farther apart	gold
29	A gas is heated and its temperature increases. What happens to the gas molecules?	question
30	a source of something increases the amount of that something	nongold
31	They move faster.	answer
32	atoms are made of particles	nongold
33	particles in a solid are slower than particles in a liquid	nongold
34	molecules in a solid vibrates within a fixed place	nongold
35	increase means more	nongold
36	a liquid is a kind of substance	nongold
37	a decrease is a kind of change	nongold
38	state of matter at room temperature is a kind of physical property	nongold
39	gas is a kind of substance	gold
40	boiling point is the highest temperature a liquid can reach	nongold
41	gas is a kind of substance	gold
42	faster means an increase; higher in speed	nongold
43	They move faster.	answer
44	heat means temperature increases	gold
45	if heat is added to a substance then that substance absorbs that heat	nongold
46	fast means quickly	nongold
47	heating is the opposite of cooling	nongold
48	heating means adding heat	nongold
49	as the heat of matter increases , the  average molecular speed in that matter increases	nongold
50	speed is a property of an object and includes values of slow; fast	nongold
51	heat means temperature increases	gold
52	as the temperature of a substance increases , the molecules in that substance will move faster; farther apart	gold
53	gas is a kind of substance	gold
54	They move faster.	answer
