0	a living thing is a kind of object	gold
1	sunlight can shine through a window	gold
2	if an object reflects light toward the eye then that object can be seen	gold
3	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
4	sunlight can shine through a window	gold
5	A person in a dark room looking through a window can clearly see a person outside in the daylight. But a person outside cannot see the person inside. Why does this happen?	question
6	a living thing is a kind of object	gold
7	to bounce back means to reflect	nongold
8	sunlight is a kind of solar energy	nongold
9	reflection is when a wave bounces off a surface and travels in the  opposite direction relative to the angle of incidence	nongold
10	if an object reflects more light then that object is more easily seen	nongold
11	a person is a kind of animal	gold
12	eyes can sense;detect light energy for seeing	nongold
13	if an object reflects light toward the eye then that object can be seen	gold
14	if an object reflects light toward the eye then that object can be seen	gold
15	a window is made of glass	nongold
16	reflection is a kind of process	nongold
17	There is not enough light being reflected off the person in the room.	answer
18	a window is a part of a house	nongold
19	intensity of sunlight is similar to amount of sunlight	nongold
20	not looking means not seeing	nongold
21	sunlight is a kind of light	gold
22	viewing means observing light	nongold
23	an image in a mirror is formed by reflecting light	nongold
24	if an object; a substance; a location absorbs solar energy then that object; that substance will increase in temperature	nongold
25	shiny things; objects reflect light	nongold
26	sunlight is a kind of light	gold
27	There is not enough light being reflected off the person in the room.	answer
28	a person is a kind of animal	gold
29	if something is visible , then that something can be observed	nongold
30	apparent motion  is when  an object appears to move relative to another object's perspective; another object's position	nongold
31	daylight means sunlight	gold
32	amount is a property of something and includes ordered  values of none; least; little; some; half; much; many; most; all	nongold
33	seeing is used for sensing visual things	nongold
34	dark is the opposite of light	nongold
35	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
36	an part of an object is smaller than the entire object	nongold
37	sunlight is a kind of light	gold
38	sunlight can shine through a window	gold
39	A person in a dark room looking through a window can clearly see a person outside in the daylight. But a person outside cannot see the person inside. Why does this happen?	question
40	reflection is when particles bounce off a surface	nongold
41	daylight is when the sun shines on a location	nongold
42	if an object is translucent , then some light will shine through that object	nongold
43	A person in a dark room looking through a window can clearly see a person outside in the daylight. But a person outside cannot see the person inside. Why does this happen?	question
44	not visible means cannot be seen	nongold
45	dark means a low amount of light	gold
46	seeing requires light	gold
47	if something is outside during the day , then that something will reflect enough light to be seen	gold
48	an increase is the opposite of a decrease	nongold
49	dark means a low amount of light	gold
50	looking is similar to observing	nongold
51	if something is in a dark place , then that something will not reflect enough light to be seen	gold
52	to happen means to occur	nongold
53	sunlight means solar energy	nongold
54	dark means a low amount of light	gold
55	if something is outside during the day , then that something will reflect enough light to be seen	gold
56	an animal is a kind of living thing	gold
57	if something is outside during the day , then that something will reflect enough light to be seen	gold
58	There is not enough light being reflected off the person in the room.	answer
59	a person is a kind of animal	gold
60	if an object is white then that object reflects all visible light	nongold
61	seeing requires light	gold
62	A person in a dark room looking through a window can clearly see a person outside in the daylight. But a person outside cannot see the person inside. Why does this happen?	question
63	There is not enough light being reflected off the person in the room.	answer
64	absorbing sunlight causes objects to heat	nongold
65	seeing requires light	gold
66	as the light reflected off of an object increases , the object will appear to be brighter	nongold
67	the body is a part of an organism	nongold
68	human is a kind of organism	nongold
69	a living thing is a kind of object	gold
70	if something is in a dark place , then that something will not reflect enough light to be seen	gold
71	if sunlight is blocked from an area then that area lacks sunlight	nongold
72	if something is in a dark place , then that something will not reflect enough light to be seen	gold
73	a human is a kind of animal	nongold
74	daylight means sunlight	gold
75	daylight means sunlight	gold
